=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 180
characters  : elminster
events      : Elmara teaches lesson to robed man and armsmen
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"More beer, please," she called, leaning to look past the crowd of armsmen. There were more sounds of mirth from the watching diners. "Raztan," the robed man said coldly, "run your blade into this arrogant whore." Elmara yawned and leaned back in her chair, presenting an arched belly to Raztan, who did not fail to miss it, his steel sliding in so smoothly that he overbalanced and fell on his face in the young woman's bowl of stew. Everyone in the suddenly silent room heard the point of the blade scrape the plastered wall behind the young woman. Elmara calmly pushed her plate and bowl aside and selected a toothpick from the pewter holder before her. "Sorcery!" one of the armsmen spat, and slashed Elmara across the face. No blood spurted-and the blade swung freely through the hawk-nosed face, as if it were only empty air. The watchers gasped.

The robed man curled his lip. "I see you know the ironguard spell," he said, unimpressed. Elmara smiled up at him, nodded, and wiggled a finger. The drawn swords around her twisted, sang, and became gray serpents. Horrified armsmen watched the fanged heads turn and arch back to strike at the hands that wielded them! With one accord, the armsmen flung down their weapons and leapt back. One man charged for the door, and his run became a thundering rush of booted feet as his comrades joined him. All around the guards, their blades, normal swords once more, clattered to the floor. The man in robes drew back, face pale.

"We shall speak again," he said, his haughty voice a trifle uncertain, "and when we d-" Elmara raised both her hands to trace an intricate pattern in the air, and the man turned and strode hastily back across the room, toward the door. Halfway there he halted, swaying, and the watchers heard him snarl in fear and frustration. Sudden sweat moistened his brow as he strained to move . . . but could not advance another step. Elmara rose and walked around to face the frozen man. Frightened eyes swiveled to watch her come. "Who rules here?" she asked. The man snarled at her wordlessly. Elmara raised an eyebrow and a hand at the same time. "M-Mercy," the man gasped. "There is no mercy for mages," Elmara told him quietly. "I've learned that much." She turned away. "I ask again: who rules?" "I-ah ...
