=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 61
characters  : elminster, farl, budaera
events      : Farl finds a gold coin in his armpit, Budaera offers deal involving silver coins.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Wait a bit, wait a bit-I've not checked all me hair, now have I?" Farl leered again and reached inside his dark shirt to scratch at his armpit. His fingers worked lustily, and then paused. Farl frowned, drew out an imaginary-at least, so Elminster hoped-pinch of lice, and examined them critically. Then he pretended to eat them, licked his fingers daintily, and when he was done darted his hand into his shirt again, trying the other armpit. Almost immediately his eyes grew round and wondering. Slowly he drew out-a gold coin! He sniffed at it, drew back in mock disgust, and then held it up with a laugh of triumph. "See you?" "Now that," Budaera purred, leaning forward again, "is worth more than a sneeze. Have you another?" Farl looked hurt. "Just how dirty d'you think my armpits are, anyway?" Tinkling, genuine laughter surrounded them; the ladies were amused.

El watched impassively, only a corner of his mouth crooked upward, as Budaera leaned forward until her darting tongue almost brushed Farl's ear, and breathed, "For just two silver bits more, I might be persuaded to make a

pauper's exception ... just this once...." "For just two silver bits more," Farl said with elaborate dignity, "I might be compelled to accept your generous offer, good lady. Now, if someone in this august company would be so good as to lend me the trifling sum of-ah, two silver bits?" There were snorts and lazily rude gestures from the benches beside him. Elminster held out a hand; when he turned it over, two silver coins were stuck to his palm. Rather dubiously, Farl bent and plucked them free, one after another. Elminster had used only a trifling touch of gum on each; by the time Farl presented them to Budaera with a flourish, they were quite clean. Budaera beckoned for the gold first. When she had it, she reached into her own armpit and made the coin disappear into the little scented safe pouch most of the ladies wore there.

Then she took the pieces of silver, spun them briefly in the air in expert fingers, held up the last one, and kissed it, eyes on Farl's. "We have a deal, then, my lord of love." She leaned forward, eyes suddenly full of mystery, and like a silent and watchful snake Elminster slid out from his seat beside Farl to give them room. Budaera purred wordless thanks to him as she moved her lithe body into the vacated space, and set to work. Elminster stepped away, shaking his tankard in little circular movements to feel what little was left at the bottom of it-and froze. A slim finger was stroking him, ever so softly. He looked down-and caught his breath. They called Shandathe "the Shadow" for the silence of her entrances and exits.
