=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 92
characters  : elminster, farl
events      : Elminster & Farl successfully break into a noble's house, encounter another thieving group.
location    : Shadowdale
=== CONTENT ===
"Nay," Elminster said. "I was thinking of switching the bucket that bath- keeper sits on for another-taking the one he's filling up with coins right now, and in its place leaving a bucket of-" "Dung?" Farl grinned. "Too risky, though, by far-half the folk in line'd see us." "Ye think they don't know what we do for a living, Farl? Even ye can't be that much the idiot!" Elminster replied. Farl drew himself up with an air of injured dignity. " 'Tis not that, goodsir-'tis that we have a reputation to maintain. Everyone may know that we take, aye-but none should ever see us doing the taking. It shouldst be magic, d'you see? Like those wizards you're so fond of." El gave him a look. "Let's go take things," he said, and they strolled off to arm themselves for the workday ahead.

***** One house topped the list of places to loot, and they hastened hence, wearing livery that was not their own but that served to conceal carry-bags strapped to their backs and bellies and to hide the handfuls of daggers they both carried. They dropped over the back wall into a pleasant garden, crossed it like two hungry shadows, and swarmed up a climbing thornflower to a balcony. A servant was asleep in the sun in the room beyond, seizing a prize opportunity while his master was out of the house. "This is too easy," Farl said as they sped up the stairs to a gilded door. He thrust his dagger into the carved snarling lion in its center and waited while the spring-loaded darts flashed away harmlessly down the stairs.

"Don't these fools realize that the shops that sell 'em thief-traps are always run by thieves?" He dug his blade into one of the lion's eyes, and the cut-glass eye popped out of its setting to dangle from the end of a cloth ribbon. Finding the wire in the opening behind the eye, Farl cut it and swung the door open. El looked back down the stairs as they went in, but the house was silent. The bedchamber was a vision of red and deep pinkish tapestries, cushions, and couches. "I feel as if I'm in someone's stomach," Farl muttered as they crossed this sea of red. "Or wading around in an open wound," Elminster agreed, striding up to a silver jewel-coffer. As he reached for it, a hard-thrown dart flashed past his fingers.

Farl spun, dagger in hand-to stare into the eyes of two women and a man who were climbing swiftly in through a window. They were all clad in matching black leathers, and bore a sigil on their breasts: a crossed moon and dagger.
