=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 217
characters  : myrjala, elminster
events      : Final farewell between Myrjala and Elminster. Elminster leaves for Calimshan to confront Ilhundyl.
location    : Calimshan
=== CONTENT ===
stayed a maid. I did not want to change what we share." She came around the fire then, and embraced him. "Elminster-or Elmara, or whoever you are-come and eat, one last time. Nothing can change the good work we've done together." ***** It was dark, and the fire had died down low. Myrjala was a shadow across the flames as she turned her head and asked quietly, "Where will you go?" Elminster shrugged. "I know not... west to see the Calishar, mayhap." "The Calishar? Take care, Elminster-" her voice caught on the unfamiliar name, forming it with difficulty "-for Ilhundyl the Mad Mage holds sway there." "I know. It's why I'll go. There's a score I must settle there. I can't go through life leaving everything unfinished." "Many do." "I am not many, and I cannot." He stared into the fire for a long time.

"I will miss ye, Lady ... take care."

"Gods keep you safe, too, Elminster." Then they both dissolved in tears and reached for each other. When they parted, the next morn, both of them were weeping. ***** Ilhundyl let the lions into the maze when he saw the intruder-but they froze in midsnarl as the intruder's spells caught them. The hawk-nosed mage who'd paralyzed the beasts strode on without even slowing, finding his way unerringly through the illusory walls and around portal-traps to stalk across the terrace before the Great Gate, toward the hidden door. Ilhundyl's lips thinned, and he spoke words he never thought he'd have to use. Stone statues turned, creaking. Clouds of dust fell from their joints as lightings leapt from their palms. The blue bolts leapt at the hawk-nosed man, who ignored them. The lightnings struck something unseen around the walking man and encircled it, crackling harmlessly.

One of Ilhundyl's long-fingered hands tapped the table before him. Then he raised the other hand, made a certain gesture, and muttered something. Golems stepped out of the solid stone walls of the Castle of Sorcery and lumbered toward the walking wizard. As they came, the lone intruder spoke an incantation. The air in front of the hawk-nosed stranger was suddenly full of whirling blades. In a flashing cloud, they spun over to strike sparks from the armored colossi-who strode stiffly and ponderously through the storm of steel. Ilhundyl watched the scene expressionlessly, then leaned forward to ring a bell on his table. When a young woman in livery hurried in, face anxious, he said in calm, cold tones, "Order all the archers to the wall by the Great Gate.
