=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 128
characters  : elminster
events      : Elmara forgives Elminster
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
More than that: sometimes, things must be faced and fought alone." He took hold of her shoulders and gently pushed her away until they stood facing each other. Then he smiled and raised a hand-and it suddenly held a steaming bowl. A heavenly scent of cooked fowl swirled around them both. "Care to dine?" Elmara laughed weakly and nodded. Braer whirled his other hand, and out of nowhere a silver goblet appeared in it. He handed it to her with a flourish. When El took it, Braer spun his hand grandly again, and this time two ornate forks and dining-knives appeared. He gestured for her to sit. Elmara discovered she was ravenous. The forest bustards had been cooked in a mushroom sauce and were delicious-and the goblet proved to be full of the best mint wine, incredibly clear and heady.

She devoured everything; Braer smiled and shook his head more than once as he watched.

When she was done, another flourish of the elf's hands produced a bowl of warmed vinegar-water and a fine linen cloth for Elmara to wash her face and hands with. As she wiped grease from her chin, she saw his grave expression had returned. "I ask again, Elmara: do you forgive me? I have wronged you." "Forgive-of course." El stretched forth her newly cleaned hand to squeeze one of his. Braer looked down at her hand on his, and then back up at her. "I did to you what we of the forest consider a very bad thing: I misjudged you. I did not mean to upset you . . . nor make it worse by leaving you to your grief. Do you recall just what was said between us?" Elmara stared at him.

"Ye said ye'd wasted much time these past two seasons, and only now could begin to teach me." Braer nodded. "What question did you ask, to make me say so?" El wrinkled her brow, and then said slowly, "I asked you why elves love magic." Braer nodded. "Yes." He waved a hand. All the dinner-things vanished, and a vivid ring of blue mage-fire raced into being around them. He settled himself cross-legged, and asked, "Do you feel up to talking the night through?" El frowned. "Of course ... why?" "There are some things you should know ... and at last are ready to hear." Elmara met his grave eyes and leaned forward. "Speak, then," she whispered eagerly. Braer smiled. "To answer one of your questions directly for once: we of the People love magic because we love life.
