=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 19
characters  : helm, elminster
events      : Helm shares information about Elminster's uncles and their fates.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Helm gave him a pitying look. "Ye are a lamb to the ways of court, indeed. The wizard ye saw over Heldon doubtless had orders to eliminate Prince Elthryn an' all his blood before the son they knew he'd sired could grow old and well-trained enough to have royal ambitions of his own." There was a little silence as the knight watched the youth grow pale. When the lad spoke again, however, Helm got another surprise. "Sir Helm," Elminster said calmly, "Tell me the names of the magelords and ye can have my sheep." Helm guffawed. "In faith, lad, I know them not-an' the others I run with'll have thy sheep whate'er befalls. I will give thee the names of thy uncles; yell need to know them." Elminster's eyes flickered. "So tell." "The eldest-thy chief enemy-is Belaur.

A big, bellowing bully of a man, for all he's seen but nine-and-twenty winters. Cruel in the hunt and on the field, but the best trained to arms of all the princes. He's shorter of wits than he thinks he is, an' was Uthgrael's favorite until he showed his cruel ways an', o'er and o'er again, his short temper. He proclaimed himself king six summers ago, but many folk up and down the Delimbiyr don't recognize his title. They know what befell." Elminster nodded. "And the second son?" " 'Tis thought he's dead. Elthaun was a soft-tongued womanizer whose every third word was false. All the realm knew him for a master of intrigue, but he fled Hastarl a step ahead of Belaur's armsmen.

The word is, some of the magelords found him in Calimshan later that year, hiding in a cellar in some city-an' used spells to make his death long and lingering." "The third." Elminster was marking them off on his fingers; Helm grinned at that. "Cauln was killed before Belaur claimed the throne. He was a sneaking, suspicious sort an' always liked watching wizards hurl fire an' the like. He fancied himself a wizard-an' was tricked into a spell-duel by a mage commonly thought to be hired for the purpose by Elthaun. The mage turned Cauln into a snake-fitting-an' then burst him apart from within with a spell I've never recognized or heard named.

Then the first magelords Belaur had brought in struck him down in turn, 'for the safety of the realm.' I recall them proclaiming 'Death for treason!' in the streets of Hastarl when the news was cried." Helm shook his head. "Then came your father. He was always quiet an' insisted on fairness among nobles and common folk. The people loved him for that, but there was little respect for him at court. He retired to Heldon early on, an' most folk in Hastarl forgot him. I never knew Uthgrael thought
