Darrigo Trumpettower stood fierce-eyed over the dead armsman and growled, "At least I can be proud of something before I die. Come on then, Wolves! Come and cut down an old man, and tell yerselves what mighty heroes ye are!" *   *   *   *   * This was the time to use a prayer she'd always wanted to try but had never found the right occasion for. Mystra's dictates were quite strict: her priestesses could never call on her for their own benefit, and Braer had warned her how few riches he'd made ready for her to call on. Yet she felt that now was the right time. The bloodstanch litany was not one Elmara used often, so she had to take time to pray to the goddess for it.

Night had come to the Haunted Vale when Elmara took the fallen sorceress in her arms and said the words of her last useful prayer, the one that would transport them both to the only enclosed refuge she could think of: the cave below the meadow, overlooking ruined Heldon. As the moon-drenched hills vanished and familiar earthy darkness was suddenly all around, Elmara smiled wearily. She'd never heard of a female magelord, nor were armsmen likely to dare turn on one. If this lady sorceress lived, she could be the teacher and ally El would need in her fight to free Athalantar. "All alone, I cannot defeat the magelords," she murmured, admitting it at last. "Gods above know, I can barely deal with one enchanted sword!" *****. Much later, Elmara sighed despairingly. The sorceress hadn't awakened, and her newly healed flesh felt burning hot under El's fingers.

Had the crossbow bolt been poisoned? El's prayers had melted that dart away, stopped the bleeding, and drawn together the woman's torn shoulder... but in truth, she knew few healing charms-the prayers Mystra gave her faithful included many barriers and spells that blasted foes apart and hurled things down, but were shy on magics that mended and healed. Still unconscious, the woman lay on a bed of cloaks. Her fevered flesh was drenched with sweat, and from time to time she murmured things El couldn't catch, and moved her limbs feebly about on the sodden cloaks. Her skin-even to her lips- was bone-white. Elmara's best efforts to gather her will and force healing into the body of the sorceress failed utterly. El might be able to turn memorized prayer-spells into healing energy for herself. .. but Mystra hadn't given her the means to aid anyone else. The sorceress was dying.

She might last until morn or a little longer, but...