=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 116
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster discusses evil of magical items with a mysterious lady
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Oh? Who is to stop tyrants-and magelords-then?" Elminster frowned angrily. "Ye seek to trick me with clever words, Lady!" "Nay," came the soft reply. "I seek to make you think before you offer your own clever words and quick, sure judgments. I ask again: is a sword evil?" "Nay," Elminster said, "for a sword cannot think." The lady nodded. "Is a plow evil?" "Nay," Elminster replied, raising an eyebrow. "What mean ye?" "If a blade is not evil, but may be used for evil, is not this scepter the same?" Elminster frowned and shook his head slightly, but did not reply. Those eyes of light held his steadily. "What if I offered this scepter to a wizard, an innocent apprentice in some other land, not a magelord? What would you say to that?" Elminster felt anger rising in him. Was everyone who worked sorcery given to fencing with clever words?

Why did they always toy with him, as if he were a child, or a beast to be slain or transformed with but a passing thought? "I would say against it, Lady. No one should use such a thing without knowing first how to use it-and knowing its work well enough to realize what changes it will work in Faerun." "Sober words for one so young. Most youths, and most mages, are so full of whim and pride that they'll dare anything." Her words calmed him a little. At least she listened and did not dismiss him out of hand. Who was she? Did Mystra bind wizards to guard every one of her temples? Elminster shook his head again. "I am a thief, Lady, in a city ruled by cruel wizards. Whim and pride are luxuries only rich fools can afford.

If I want to indulge in them, I must needs do it by night, in bedchambers or on rooftops." He smiled thinly. "Thieves-and indeed farmers, beggars, and folk who own only a small shop or hand-trade, methinks-must keep themselves under rather more control by day, or soon perish." "What would you do," the sorceress asked curiously, eyes very bright, "if you could work magic and became a wizard as strong as those who dwell here?" "I'd use my spells to drive all the wizards out of Athalantar so folk could be free. I'd set a few other things right, too, and then renounce magic forever." "For you hate magic," the lady said softly. "What if you did not and someone gave you the power, and told you that it must be used, that you
