El found herself floating motionless in midair as the echoes of the explosion boomed and rolled around her and rocks and dust fell on her from the unseen ceiling far above. "Myrjala?" she asked the darkness anxiously. "Teacher?" "I'm fine," a calm voice replied from very near at hand, and El felt herself turning in the air to look into the dark, intent eyes of the older sorceress, who was floating upright in midair beside her. Myrjala's bare body was as dusty

and sweat-dewed as her own; around them, the cavern was still uncomfortably hot. Myrjala leaned forward and touched El's arm. They began to descend. "To protect us both," she explained, "I had to spin my spell shield around you, then make it pull me into it; my apologies if I startled you." El waved that away as they sank to the cavern floor together. "My apologies," she said, "for working too powerful an inferno for this space-" Myrjala smiled, and dismissed those words with a wave of her own. "This was what I intended. You followed my instructions perfectly-something many apprentices never manage in twice the years of study you've had." "I had experience in following dictates in my time as a priestess," Elmara said, settling to the still-warm stone floor. Myrjala shrugged. "As much as any adventurer-priestess, perhaps.

You were given a goal, and forged your own way toward it." She bent to pluck up her robe from the floor and mop her face with it. "True obedience is learned by folk who spend years drudging away at some endless task, with little hope of betterment or reward, following petty orders issued by small folk who've mastered the tyrant's whip or tongue without any real power to deserve such swagger." "Was that thy experience?" El asked teasingly, and Myrjala rolled her eyes. "More than once," she replied. "But seek not to divert my attention from your schooling-you can hurl spells as well as some archmages, but you've not yet mastered them all." She leaned forward, speaking earnestly.

"One who has truly mastered sorcery feels each magic, almost as a living thing, and so can control its effects precisely, using it in original and unexpected ways or to modify the enchantments of others. I can tell when a pupil develops such a feel for a spell . . . and so far, you've acquired this intimate control over less than half the spells you cast." Elmara nodded. "I'm not used to talking about magic in this way ... but I understand ye. Say on." Myrjala nodded.