=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 247
characters  : tassabra, farl, elminster
events      : Elminster appears as an image, reveals his magical abilities and plans to destroy the magelords
location    : athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
Her hand slipped under her pillow, seeking the dagger El knew must be there. "Be at ease," Elminster said, "for I mean ye no harm. 'Tis Eladar, come back to plead with ye to save Athalantar." By now Farl was awake, too. He sat up and gaped, open-mouthed, as Tassabra let out a little shriek of surprise and leaned forward to stare at him. "Eladar! It is you!" She lunged forward to embrace him, and fell through his sitting form, to land on her forearms at the end of the bed. "What?" "A sending-just an image," Farl told her, rising with blade in hand. "El, is that really you?" "Of course it's really me," El told him. "Were I a magelord, I'd not be just sitting here, would I?" Tassabra's eyes narrowed. "You're a mage, now?" She passed her hands through his form.

"Where are you, truly?" "Here," El told her. "Aye, I'm something of a mage now. I took this shape to get past all thy ah, friendly traps."

Tassabra put her hands on her hips. "If you're right here, El," she said severely, "make yourself solid! I want to feel you! How can I kiss a shadow?" Elminster smiled. "Right then. But for thine own safety, stop waving thy hands about in me." She did so, he murmured a few words-and was suddenly heavy and solid again. Tassabra embraced him eagerly, smooth skin sliding against his dark leathers. Farl put his arms around them both, hugging tightly. "By the gods I missed you, El," he said huskily. "I never thought to see you again." "Where were you?" Tassabra demanded, running her hands along his jaw and through his hair, noting the changes the years had wrought.

"All over Faerun," El replied, "learning enough magic to destroy the magelords." "You still hope to-?" "Before three dawns have come," El told them, "if ye'll help me." They both gaped at him. "Help how?" Farl asked, frowning. "We spend much of our time just evading casual cruelties cast our way by those wizards. We can't hope to withstand any sort of deliberate attack by even one of them!" Tassabra nodded soberly. "We've built ourselves a good life here, El," she said. "The Moonclaws are no more; you were right, El-they were tools of the magelords. We run the Velvet Hands together now and shrewd investments and trading make us more coins than we ever got slipping into windows of nights." Elminster sent a thought to Braer and knew he was cloaked again.
