=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 202
characters  : elmara
events      : Elmara uses powerful magic, causing battlelord's death and transforming armsmen into writhing, shrieking men. She gifts gems to Darrigo Trumpettower and floats away with an unnamed sorceress.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The sorceress knelt with bleak eyes, watching helplessly as crossbows were wound, loaded, and made ready all around her. Elmara sat down hastily on the muddy ground and spoke one of the most powerful prayers she had, timing it carefully. "Loose!" At the battlelord's command, the armsmen let fly their quarrels, and Elmara bent forward, eyes blazing, to watch her spell take hold. Abruptly the battlelord was standing in the midst of the ring, and the sorceress was slumped on the ground where he'd stood, outside it. A score of bolts thudded home. Not a few pierced the opulent armor and found the face that the raised visor did not cover. The battlelord staggered, roared, transfixed by many shafts, lifted his hand-and then slowly toppled onto his face, and lay still. The armsmen were still gaping at the body of their commander when Elmara's hasty second prayer-spell took effect.

All around the field, armor glowed a dull red, and men began to grunt, squirm, and cry out, dancing in frantic haste and clawing at their armor. Hotter it glowed, and hotter. Men were screaming now. The stink of burning flesh and hair joined the metallic reek as arms-men flung their armor desperately in all directions, howling and rolling about naked in the field. Elmara turned and walked back to the farmer. He flinched at her approach, clutching his cane up in front of his chest like a warding weapon, but stood his ground. "Ye should be able to deal with them now," she said calmly, looked back at all the writhing, shrieking men, and added, "I fear I've ruined much of your planting." From empty air she plucked a handful of gems, put them into the astonished old man's hand, and embraced him.

Into one large and hairy old ear she murmured, "Ye seem a good man. Try to stay alive; I'll need thy service when this land is mine." Then she turned away. Darrigo Trumpettower stood with the gems glittering in his hand like so many fallen tears, and stared after her. The slim woman in the tattered cloak strode off across the field, walking west. The bleeding sorceress floated along in the air behind her, as if she were being towed on an invisible, weightless bed. Only one armsman moved to stop her, winding his bow into readiness, loading it, and setting it to his shoulder. He felt the hand that struck his bow aside but never felt the stout cane that smashed him to the ground, or anything else. His quarrel leapt toward the sun, and no one saw whether it reached there or not.
