=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 108
characters  : farl, elminster
events      : Dispute over magical stones; Farl and Elminster part ways
location    : Athalgard, Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
The magelords are, and remain, in heated disagreement about who shall have them, and how they'll be used. By decree of King Belaur himself, the stones-glowing and floating about by themselves, giving off faint chimings and musical sounds like harp-chords from time to time-are on display, guarded by the officers and senior armsmen of Athalgard, in a certain audience chamber no wizards are allowed to approach, until a decision is made. As they left the tavern, the excited minstrel was declaiming in ringing tones that he'd seen the stones himself, and that this was all true! Farl smiled. "You know we have to go for those stones." Elminster shook his head. "Ye couldn't turn thy back on them and still be Farl, Master of the Velvet Hands," he said dryly. Farl chuckled.

"This time," Elminster told him firmly, "ye should wait, let the Moonclaws spring the trap-and go in only if ye can see a safe, clear way to do so." "Trap?" "Don't ye smell the hands of calculating wizards in this wondrous tale? I do." After a moment, Farl nodded. Their eyes met. "Why did you say 'ye'?" Farl asked quietly. "I am done with thieving," Elminster said slowly. "If ye go after these wonderful magical stones, ye must do it alone. I'll be leaving Hastarl after I do one thing more." Farl stood frozen, eyes very dark. "Why?" "Robbing and slaying hurts folk I have no quarrel with and brings revenge no closer to the magelords. You saw the stag statue; the grasping hands of thieving only take what's precious and make it battered and broken and worthless.

I've learned as much as the street can teach and have had enough." Elminster stared into Farl's stunned eyes and added, "Seasons slip

away- and the things I've not done eat at me. I must leave." "I knew it was coming," Farl admitted, his face going very red. "It's the scruples that assured it. But this 'one thing more'- 'twouldn't be a betrayal, would it?" Elminster shook his head and spoke slowly and deliberately. "I've never had a friend as close and as true as Farl, son of Hawklyn." Suddenly their arms were around each other in a tight embrace. They stood in the alley and wept, pounding each other on backs and shoulders. After a time, Farl said, "Ah, El-what'm I to do without you?" "Take up with Tassabra," Elminster said, and added with a gleam in his eye, "Ye can show her appreciation in a more satisfying way than ye can with me." They stepped back from each other-and then, slowly, both grinned. "So we part," Farl said, shaking his head.

"Half our wealth is yours." Elminster shrugged. "I'll take only what I need, for the road." Farl sighed. "So it's loot for me-and killing magelords for you." "Mayhap," Elminster said softly, "if the gods are kind."
