=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 33
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster fights outlaws near Athalantar
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
"For Elthryn, prince of Athalantar!" he snarled as he dealt death, and the warrior under his knees managed a startled look before all light fled from behind his eyes. Elminster flung himself aside in a roll. Quarrels and spears from both ends of the ravine crossed in the air above the dead warrior where he'd been kneeling. Scrabbling in the snow, El-minster slew the man who was still clutching his bleeding hand. "For my mother, Amrythale!" Panting, he took up the man's bow and ducked behind a rock to catch his breath and ready the weapon. His boots bristled with spare daggers now, and the bow was soon loaded. He crouched low, cradled it in his arms, and came around the last rock with his finger on the trigger. No one was there. Elminster stood frozen for a moment, and then knelt down.

Another outlaw quarrel hummed past to fall into the empty snows below the ravine. El watched it go, and then looked up. He could climb the shoulder of the ravine and from above see where the armsmen had gone; the snow had stopped falling and the wind had died, leaving the hills around white and smooth with fresh-fallen snow. Everyone could see him as he climbed, too, aye-but then, Tyche put a little hazard into everyone's life. Elminster sighed as he plucked the quarrel from its groove and slid it down into one of his boots. He left the bow cocked as he slung it across his back by the carry-strap and scrambled up the slope. He'd not climbed more than his own height before a quarrel tore into the snow a handspan away from his head.

El snatched at it, kicked himself free of the snowy rocks and frozen grass, and slid back down the slope, feigning lifelessness. The quarrel came with him as he crashed on his face in the snow, trying to keep his bow unbroken. Tears blinded him for a moment, but his nose didn't seem broken. He blinked them away and spat out snow while he slid the bow free. It was

unbroken; he loaded it, emitting a drawn-out rattling groan to cover the sounds he made. An armsman with a second crossbow ready rose out of a snowy thicket nearby, looking for the man he'd hit. He and Elminster saw each other at the same instant. Both fired. And both missed. Elminster found his feet as the quarrel sang past him-would he forever be running around this ravine, panting and slipping?-snatched daggers from his boots, and ran toward the thicket, blades flashing in both fists. He was afraid the warrior had a third bow cocked and ready.... He was right. The armsman rose again with a triumphant smile on his face-and Elminster flung a dagger at him. The man's smile tightened in fear, and he fired in haste. The quarrel leapt at Elminster, who flung himself desperately over backward.
