=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 150
characters  : ithym, gralkyn, tarthe, elmara
events      : Gralkyn loses his cloak of lights upon passing through a doorway, attempt to destroy lights by Ithym fails
location    : Shadowdale
=== CONTENT ===
not move from around Gralkyn, and nothing else seemed to happen. Sighing out a tensely held breath of his own, Ithym glided over to his fellow thief and stretched out a hand toward the lights, but then drew it back. Gralkyn nodded at the wisdom of this. Ithym went on into the far, dim regions of the room and moved about in soft silence for a time before returning far enough for them to see him trace a square in the air: there was a door beyond. Tarthe took out his cloak, raked all Gralkyn's discarded metal in it, bundled it onto his shoulder, and strode into the room next, sword drawn. Instantly some of the lights drifted away from the thief in an inquisitive stream, heading for the tall warrior in full armor.

The tensely watching Blades saw sudden sweat on Tarthe's forehead as he strode toward the second thief. The lights swirled around Tarthe as buzzing flies survey a walking man ... and then returned slowly to Gralkyn. The warrior shook his head in relief, and they heard him whisper hoarsely, "Now, Ithym-where's this door?" A few scufflings later his voice floated back to them out of the gloom. "Hither, all! The way beyond looks clear!" Cautiously, one by one, the other Blades hurried or edged past Gralkyn, until at last only the thief in his cloak of lights was left in the room. He walked calmly up to the door, peered through it, and saw the Blades standing anxiously in a little corridor that led into a large, dim, open space beyond. "Back, all of you!" Gralkyn said. "Get well away-right out of the passage!

I'm coming through!" The others obeyed, but waited at the far end of the hall, watching. Gralkyn sprinted toward the door, dived through it, and hit the stone floor hard. As he passed through the opening, the lights halted, as if held by an invisible wall, so he was stripped of all of them. After a moment, he got to his knees and crawled as fast as he could out of the passage. Only then did he look back, at a smooth wall of twinkling lights, solidly filling the doorway. "Are ye ... well?" The words were out of Elmara's mouth before she thought about the prudence of asking. Gralkyn rubbed at his shoulders. "I... know not. Everything seems aright... now that the tingling's stopped." He was flexing thoughtful fingers when Ithym shrugged, drew a slim dagger from his belt, and flung it at the doorful of floating lights.

There was a vicious crackle of tiny lightnings, so bright they all drew their heads back and grunted in pain, and the weapon was gone. There was nothing left to strike the floor. When they could see clearly again, the lights were still filling the doorway, forming a smooth, unbroken barrier.
