=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 67
characters  : elminster, jansibal, shandathe, farl, otharr, thelorn
events      : Elminster knocks out Jansibal in a struggle; Elminster steals Shandathe's earring and uses it to flirt with Thelorn on her behalf.
location    : tavern
=== CONTENT ===
Then he had no time left to spare for looking at anyone except the noble under him. Jansibal was oiled and perfumed, slippery under Elminster's hands. He'd never known the hard hours and harsh battle that the youth from Heldon had felt-but he was shorter and heavier, and fury lent him strength. He threw himself sideways, dragging Elminster with him, and tried to bite the fingers that were smothering him. Elminster drew back one arm, dagger-hilt foremost, and slugged the noble hard on the jaw. Jansibal's head snapped around, spittle and blood flying together. The dandy gave a little grunt, shook his head-and toppled over sideways on the bed, knocked senseless. One open eye stared up unseeing at Elminster; satisfied, El spun to look behind them and be sure no one had noticed the sudden dousing of the light behind the curtain, or heard the brief, unloving sounds.

The hubbub of folk drinking continued unabated-and sudden soft sounds from beside him proclaimed that Farl was taking full advantage of the noble's generous payment to Shandathe. The gold coins lay on the floor around, freed when Otharr had torn open her bodice; El ignored them to bend closer over the entwined couple, and delicately free a single

distinctive earring from where the Shadow's hair curled around her ear. Shandathe freed her lips from Farl's long enough to whisper a sharp, "What-?" Elminster put a finger to his lips and murmured, "To lure the other one; ye'll see it again, I promise." Holding it cupped carefully in his hand, he slipped around the curtain again and made his way unhurriedly across the taproom. As he'd hoped, the swordmaster and Thelorn stood side by side at the bar. "You'll appreciate," the officer was saying wearily, "that sons of magelords must set an example that makes the people feel they're close and among them, not aloof.

Magic, and those who wield it, are feared enough; if the kingdom is ever to be strong, th-" He broke off as Elminster glided up between them, displayed the earring, and murmured, "Cry pardon for the interruption, my lords, but I am sent on a mission of love. The lady Lord Otharr was so anxious to make the acquaintance of confesses herself somewhat disappointed by his . . . ah, brief performance, and hopeful that another man of importance-such as yourself, my lord-would be made of rather sterner stuff. She bade me be sure to tell ye that she found thy tongue and bearing most impressive, and would know both better." Thelorn looked up at Elminster and grinned suddenly; the swordmaster shook his head, rolled his eyes, and turned away. The young noble's eyes went across the room to the curtain.
