=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 69
characters  : shandathe, farl, elminster
events      : Farl kisses Shandathe, causing her to lose consciousness. Elminster and Farl place Shandathe in bed with Hannibur, the sleeping baker.
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
Shandathe stared at him. "Are you crazed?" she hissed in sudden anger. "If you think I'm g-" Farl's hands glided to just the right places as he pressed his lips to hers. She struggled angrily for a moment, managing to utter some angry-sounding murmurs . . . and then went limp. Farl promptly passed her to Elminster. "Here," he said brightly. He turned away and hastily erected a pyramid of crates from the baker's litter of shipping-refuse. Elminster stared at him and then down at the girl in his arms. She was soft and beautiful-if heavy-and was stirring already; in a breath or two, she'd return to her senses . . . and if El knew anything about the Shadow, she'd be very angry. He looked around gingerly for a place to put her.

" 'Tis Hannibur's lucky night," Farl said with a smile, as he swarmed back down the swiftly erected pyramid. Above, the shutters now hung open, and

the snores roared out unmuted down the alley. He pointed at Elminster and at Shandathe, and then up at the window again. "To be sure," El murmured in reply, mounting the crates with the limp Shadow heavy on his back. Her delicate scent played at his nostrils, and he added under his breath, "Luckier than me, I'll warrant." Then he was climbing carefully through the window, Farl steadying Shandathe's limbs to prevent a fall or noise. She stirred as they crossed the bare board floor to Hannibur's bed. They drew back the patched woollen covers and laid her carefully beside the sleeping baker. Then they both turned away to stifle rising mirth: the old man wore a daringly cut, frilly wanton wench's robe. Hairy vein-mottled flesh and bony knees protruded from the sheer silk. El bit his lip and staggered to the window, shoulders shaking silently.

Farl mastered himself sooner, and delicately drew aside two sets of garments; their owners stirred. Softly he stroked two bodies, and raced on catlike feet for the window. El was already halfway down the crates, outside. The two thieves giggled at each other as they hauled out the bottom crates. Everything above tumbled and fell, creating a din that ought to cut through even Hannibur's snores, and they raced away around a corner. Pausing for breath in a courtyard half Hastarl away, Farl said, "Whew! A good even's work. Pity I hadn't time to empty my tankard before that hippopotamus-ass pushed his way in on you." Elminster grinned and handed him Shandathe's earring. Farl smiled down at it. "Well, at least we got some pay for all our thoughtful work." El's own grin widened as he dropped three heavy links of gold chain into Farl's other hand.
