=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 191
characters  : elmara, mystra
events      : First meeting between Elmara and Asmartha; Elmara decides to become a mage.
location    : Rest
=== CONTENT ===
"A-Aye," she said, finding her voice thick with blood, "I live." There was more than one shriek, and gaps appeared abruptly in the circle of heads. El smiled thinly . . . but her heart swelled when the innkeeper matched her smile, and stretched down one strong hand to touch her. "I saw it," the woman said, voice husky in wonder. "You were dead-cut open like a slaughtered hog-and now are whole. The gods are real. . . they must be. I saw you heal, right in front of me. The gods were here!" Asmartha's face broke into a wide, wild laugh, and tears ran down her face. She traced El's cheek with a gentle finger, shook her head, and said, "I've never seen the like. What god smiles on you, lady?" "Mystra," Elmara said.

"Great Mystra." She struggled to sit up, and there were suddenly strong arms at her shoulders, helping her. "I am a priestess of the Lady of Mysteries," El told the innkeeper-and then, as a sudden realization came to her, added slowly, "Yet I must learn to be more." "Lady?" "If I am to battle magelords and their armsmen, face to face and spell to spell," El said softly, frowning, "I must become a mage in truth." "You're not a sorceress?" Elmara shook her head. "Not yet." Perhaps never, she thought suddenly, if I can't find a wizard willing to train me ... and where in the world could she find one to trust? Not in Athalantar, where every sorcerer was a magelord . .. nor in the Calishar. There must be wizards in the other lands around, aye, but where to start looking? Wh-Braer. Of course.

Go to the High Forest and ask her teacher. Whatever he said, it would be an answer she could trust. "I must leave," El said, scrambling to her feet. The world wavered and swam around her, and she swayed, but one of the men of Narthil put a steadying hand on her shoulder, and she stayed upright.

"The magelords can find me with their spells," El said urgently. "Every moment I stay here, I endanger ye all." She drew a deep, shuddering breath, and then another, reaching into the mists to uncoil another flame. Asmartha drew back a pace as Elmara stiffened, and glowing white light emanated from her. Then it faded, and the innkeeper saw that the young, hawk-nosed woman stood at ease despite her blood-drenched clothing and the pale, drawn look on her face. "My pack," she murmured, and turned back toward the inn. The innkeeper stepped hastily to her side to guard against her falling, but El smiled and said reassuringly, "I'm fine now . . . and happier than I've been in some time. Mystra smiles on me." "That I can well believe," the stout woman said, as they went into the Rest. The door banged behind them.
