=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 264
characters  : jansibal otharr, darrigo trumpettower, helm stoneblade, thelorn selemban
events      : Jansibal Otharr killed by Helm Stoneblade. Thelorn Selemban killed by Darrigo Trumpettower. Darrigo and Helm reunite.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
And you think yourself noble?' Jansibal Otharr made no reply but a gasp, and a moment later Darrigo saw why. A blade was protruding from his back, dark with the nobleman's blood. The blade shook, a booted foot kicked, and Jansibal Otharr slid down to his knees on the floor and sagged back into a silent heap. "That's an Athalantan noble?" said the battered old warrior who held the bloody blade. "We should have cleaned out this place earlier!" Thelorn Selemban strode forward, past the staring Darrigo. "Just who are you?" he demanded. Helm Stoneblade eyed the noble's ruffed open-to-the-waist silk shirt, its puffed sleeves adorned with many crawling dragons. "A knight of Athalantar," he growled, "but by the looks of you, it seems I'd've done better down the years as your tailor." "A knight? What idiocy is this? There are no-" Selemban's eyes narrowed.

"Are you loyal to King Belaur and the mage-lords?" "I fear not, lad," Helm said, striding forward. There were ten or more warriors in motley armor behind him. Thelorn Selemban flourished his blade. It glittered in the torchlight as he said excitedly, "Come no farther, rebels, or die!" " 'Tis certainly a day for grand speeches," Helm responded, moving steadily forward. "Let's see if you're any better with that blade than your aromatic friend was ..." "Friend?" Thelorn snorted. "He was no friend of mine-despite anything you may have heard. Now stand back, or-" "Or you'll wave your sword at me?" Helm's voice was heavy with sarcasm, but it trailed away as Thelorn jerked something from around his neck, raised it to his lips, and sneered, "Or I'll slay you traitors with this! I'm told i-"

It was then that Darrigo Trumpettower made his decision. He took two shuffling steps forward and thrust his blade into the young nobleman's ear. Thelorn gurgled, dropped blade and bauble, reeled, and fell on his face. Darrigo peered past him at the grim-faced men beyond. "Helm?" he asked, squinting. "Helm Stoneblade?" "Darrigo! You old lion! Well met!" A moment later they embraced, keeping their swords out of the way with the ease of old veterans. "I heard you were an outlaw . . . what've you been doing, Helm?" "Killing armsmen," the knight said, "but I've found killing magelords more fun, so I'm doing that right now. Care to join me?" "Don't mind if I do," Darrigo Trumpettower growled. "Thank you-I will. Lead the way." Helm rolled his eyes. "You nobles," he said in disgust, and strode forward....
