=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 10
characters  : elthryn, belaur
events      : First meeting between Elthryn and mysterious wizard riding dragon; Elthryn's final words to his son before imminent death
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
and then by a roar so loud and deep that the shops and houses around trembled, and the very cobbles of the street shifted under his boots. Amid the dust that curled up from them, the prince looked up and saw it, aloft, wheeling with contemptuous laziness over the trees: an elder red dragon of great size, its scales dark as dried blood. A man rode it, a man in robes who held a wand ready, a man Elthryn did not know but a wizard without a doubt, and that could mean only one thing: the cruel hand of his eldest brother Belaur was finally about to close on him. Elthryn had been his father's favorite, and Belaur had always hated him for it. The king had given Elthryn the Lion Sword-it was all he had left of his father, now. It had served him often and well...

but it was a legacy, not a miracle-spell. As he heard the wizard laugh and lean out to hurl lightning down at some villager fleeing over the back fields, Prince Elthryn looked up into the sky and saw his own death there, wheeling on proud wings. He raised the Lion Sword to his lips, kissed it, and summoned the lean, serious face of his son to mind: beak-nosed and surrounded by an unruly mane of jet-black hair. Elminster, with all his loneliness, seriousness, and homeliness, and with his secret, the mind-powers the gods gave few folk in Faerun. Perhaps the gods had something special in mind for him. Clinging to that last, slim hope, Elthryn clutched the sword and spoke through tears. "Live, my son," he whispered. "Live to avenge thy mother ... and restore honor to the Stag Throne.

Hear me!" ***** Panting his slithering way down a tree-clad slope, still a long way above the village, Elminster stiffened and fetched up breathless against a tree, his eyes blazing. The ghostly whisper of his father's voice was clear in his ears; he was calling on a power of his enchanted sword that El had seen him use only once, when his mother had been lost in a snow squall. He knew what those words meant. His father was about to die. "I'm coming, Father!" he shouted at the unhearing trees around. "I'm
