"Speak, or kneel to a new king!" There were uneasy stirrings, but no one spoke. After a moment, Hannibur the baker knelt, drawing Shandathe down with him. Then a fat wine- merchant went to his knees, and then a horse-trader... and then folk were kneeling all over the room. Myrjala bowed her head in satisfaction, a long labor ended, and said, "So be it." On the throne, Elminster sighed. "At last, 'tis over." Sudden tears spilled down his face. Myrjala looked out over the kneeling crowd, at the older folk at the back of the chamber, searching among the faces-until she suddenly smiled and raised her hand in greeting. "Mithtyn," she said to an old, bearded man, "you were herald in Uthgrael's court.

Be it so recorded that none contested El-minster's right to the throne." The old man bowed and said in a voice dry from little use, "Lady, it shall

be ... but who art thou? Ye know me, and yet I swear I've ne'er seen thee before." Myrjala smiled and said, "I looked different, then. You said once, after you saw me, that you had not known I could dance." Mithtyn stared at her and turned very pale. He found his mouth had fallen open, swallowed, and staggered back a pace, overcome with awe. Then he fell to his knees, trembling. Myrjala smiled at him and said, "You do remember. Be not afraid, good herald. I mean you no harm. Rise, and be at ease." She turned back to the throne. "As we agreed, El?" He nodded, smiling through his tears. "As we agreed." Myrjala nodded, and strode down the green carpet until she was in the center of the room. The folk of Hastarl parted before her as if she were preceded by a row of leveled lances.

"Stand back, folk of the court!" she said pleasantly. "Clear a space, here before me!" Their retreat became a hasty rush ... and when a large area of tiles was clear, Myrjala snapped her fingers and spread one hand. The empty space was suddenly filled. Some twenty sweating, bleeding armed men were standing before her, reddened blades raised, looking around wildly. "Peace!" Myrjala said. She seemed suddenly taller, and a white radiance pulsed and played again around her. Such was the force of her voice that the warriors did not move. They stood silent, staring around in unmoving wonder at each other and at the hall around them. "Behold, folk of Hastarl!" Myrjala said. "Here stand men who have remained true to Athalantar-men who want freedom for their realm and an end to the rule of cruel magelords.