=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 273
characters  : isparla, belaur, shandathe, undarl
events      : Belaur is attacked by Undarl in his bedchamber
location    : athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
so they gleamed as bright as Isparla's jewels. Belaur met her eyes with a savage grin, snatched up a goblet and a decanter from the shining row atop a nearby board, and expressed his approval with a long, rumbling snarl as he strode to the bed. Like a purring lion he lowered himself between them, quaffing wine lazily, and wondered which pleasure to enjoy first. The new treasure ... or save her, turning first to familiar delights? Isparla gave a low, throaty purr of her own, and moved her body against him. The king cast a look at Shandathe, lying anxious and still in her chains, and then smiled and turned away from her. He laid a cruel hand on a rope of jewels, and pulled. Serpenthips hissed in pain as the stones cut into her and she was dragged against him.

Belaur bent his mouth to hers, intending to bite. He remembered earlier tastes of her warm, salty blood.... There was a sudden flash and a singing sound, and Belaur looked up, startled, into a gaze as frowning as his own. The mage royal of Athalantar stood beside the bed. Belaur cast a quick look down the room at the still- barred doors and back at the master of magelords before he roared, "What are you playing at now, wizard?" "We're under attack," Undarl snarled at the king. "Come! Up and out of here, if you would live!" "Who dares-?" "We'll have time to ask them who they are later. Now move, or I'll blast your head from your shoulders ...

all I need to take is the crown!" Face dark with fury, Belaur heaved himself up from the bed, spilling wenches in both directions, and snatched down the sword that hung on the wall. For an instant, he considered thrusting it into the back of the mage royal, who was striding down the room to a painting that could be swung aside to reveal a way up into the old castle. Undarl turned with more speed than the swiftest sword in Belaur's bodyguard, drawing aside from the extended point of the blade, and said in a cold, clear, menacing voice: "Don't. Ever. Even. Think. Of. Such. A. Deed." He leaned closer, and added in a harsh whisper, "Your daily survival depends on my magic." The blade in the king's hand turned into a snake that reared up and hissed at him, throwing coils around his wrist.

As he stared at it in frozen horror, it slid back into sword shape, and flashed mockingly once. Belaur shuddered, reluctantly turned his gaze to meet the hard points of the magelord's cold eyes, and managed a nod. Then he moved forward obediently as Undarl gestured at the passage door. ***** "Ye know I must do this alone," Elminster said quietly as they stood
