=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 77
characters  : elminster
events      : Conversed about partnership fears, discussed future plans for theft
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Just slip in, see where things are, try to find out if there's anything of import befalling-and get you gone again, as quietly as the thing can be done. I want no dead heroes in this partnership; it's too hard to find trustworthy partners." "Ye prefer live cowards, eh?" Elminster asked as they dropped lightly down from the roof of the tomb and set off through the rubble and tangled plants toward the bough they'd come in by. Farl stopped him. "Seriously, El-I've never found such fearlessness and honesty in anyone. To find it in one who also has endurance and dexterity ... I've only one regret." "Which is?" Elminster was blushing furiously. "You're not a pretty lass." Elminster replied with a rude noise, and they both chuckled and clambered up the tree that would afford them exit. "I see only one worry ahead," Farl added.

"Hastarl grows rich under the wizards, and thieves are coming in. Gangs. As they grow larger, you and I will have to join or start one of our own to survive. Besides, we'll need more hands than these four if we're to tackle these back room investors."

"And thy worry?" "Betrayal." That word hung in somber silence between them as they leapt down from the crumbling wall into a garbage-choked alley, and watched the rats run. Elminster said softly, "I've found something precious in thee, too, Farl." "A friend prettier than yourself?" "A friend, aye. Loyalty, and trust, too-more precious by far than all the gold we've taken together." "Pretty speech. I've remembered another regret, too," Farl added gravely. "I couldn't be there in the room to see Shandathe and old Hannibur waking up and seeing each other!" They convulsed in shared laughter. "I have noted," Elminster added a few helpless breaths later as they went on down the street, "word of that meeting has not spread across Hastarl." "A pity, indeed," Farl replied. They threw their arms around each other's shoulders and strode down the slippery cobbles, the conquest of all Hastarl bright ahead of them.

Five TO CHAIN A MAGE To chain a mage? Why, the promise of power and knowing secrets ('magic,' if you will), greed, and love-the things that chain all men . . . and some of the more foolish women, too. Athaeal of Evermeet Musings Of A Witch-Queen In Exile Year of the Black Flame The smell wafting up through the high windows was wonderful. In spite of himself, Elminster's stomach growled. He clung to the stone sill, frozen in an awkward head-down pose, and hoped no one would hear. The feast below was a merry one; glass tinkled and men laughed, short barks of merriment punctuating the general murmur of jests and earnest talk. He was still too distant to hear what was being said. El finished the knot and tugged on it; firm. Aye, then, into the hands of the gods ...
