=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 238
characters  : elminster, myrjala, ruvaen
events      : First meeting between Elminster and Ruvaen; Alliance formed
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The elf who'd first challenged Elminster by the pool said, "A proud boast, lady, for one who lives and then is gone, while the trees and streams endure forever." Myrjala turned her head, as tall and as regal as any elf, and said, "You may be surprised at my longevity, Ruvaen, as others of your folk have been, before." Ruvaen drew back a pace, frowning. "How is it that you know my name? Who-?" "Peace," Braer said. "Such things are best spoken of in private, one to another. Now we have much to plan and prepare. The test has been set and passed. Elminster may not have prevailed alone, but two magelords are no more, not one. Do any challenge this?" Silence answered him, and he turned wordlessly to Ruvaen.

The archer looked at Braer, nodded, and then said to Elminster, "The People will fight at your side for Athalantar, if you hold to the pledge you made to us when we swore aid to you." "I will," Elminster said, and extended his hand. After a long moment, Ruvaen took it, and they clasped forearms firmly, as one warrior to another. Around them, the gathered elves of the High Forest shouted in exultation-the loudest sound of celebration any elf of Athalantar had made in many a year. ***** Old, wise eyes watched the elves and humans dwindle into the depths of the crystal, and then slowly fade. What to do? Aye, what? The lad was just one more young spell weaver with glory in his eyes, but the woman. .. . He'd not seen spell-mastery like that since . . .

his eyes narrowed, and then he shrugged. There was no time for idle memories. There never is. He had to warn everyone, and then s-but no. No. Let these two destroy Seldinor first.

Sixteen WHEN MAGES GO TO WAR A star rushes past, to crash upon the shore But the first of many many more Stoke the fire and stout bar the door For this is the night mages go to war. Angarn Dunharp from the ballad When Mages Go to War Year of the Sword and Stars Leaves rustled. At that slightest of sounds, Helm whirled, hand going to hilt. Out from behind the tree stepped the silent elven warrior he'd come to know as Ruvaen, the gray cloak that was so hard to see swirling around him. There was another elf with him. Their still faces somehow betrayed a mood darker than usual. "What news?" Helm asked simply. None of the elves or the knights were wont to waste words. Ruvaen held out something that filled his hand-something clear and smooth-sided and colorless, like a fist-sized diamond.
