=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 177
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster decides to travel to Athalantar.
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
The minstrel tried to break the mood by beginning the Ballad of the Stag again, but his voice was raw. After it broke the second time, he spread his hands and asked, "Can you wait, Lady Elmara, until the morrow?" "Of course," El replied, taking a seat at the just-righted table where the wizards had been. "How are ye?" "Alive, thanks to you," the minstrel said quietly. "May I pay for your dinner?" "If ye allow me to buy all we drink," Elmara replied. After a moment, they both chuckled. ***** Elmara set down their third bottle, empty. She eyed it gravely, and asked, "Are any princes left alive?" The minstrel shrugged. "Belaur, of course, though I've heard he styles himself 'king' now. I know of no others, but there could be, I suppose.

It hardly matters now that the magelords rule openly, issuing decrees as if they were all kings. The only entertainment we have is watching them try to outwit each other. I don't go back often." "How so?" Elmara stared at the last few swallows in her glass. Treacherous stuff. "It's not a safe land for any who speak openly against the magelords-and that includes minstrels whose clever ballads may not be to the liking of any passing wizards or armsman." The minstrel thoughtfully drained his own glass. "Athalantar doesn't see any visiting wizards, now, either . . . unless one has the power to defeat all the magelords, why go there? If any mage of power comes to Athalantar, the magelords'd doubtless see it as a threat to their rule and all rise up together

against him!" Elmara laughed quietly. "A prudent mage would go elsewhere, eh?" The minstrel nodded. "And speedily." His eyes narrowed. "You wear a strange look, Lady.... Where will you go on the morrow?" Elmara looked at him. Fire smoldered deep in eyes gone very dark, and the smile the mage gave the minstrel then had no mirth in it at all. "Athalantar, of course."

Twelve HARD CHOICES, EASY DOOMS Choosing what road to walk in life is a luxury given to few in Faerun. Perhaps lack of practice is why so many who do have that choice make such a gods-cursed mess of it. Galgarr Thormspur, Marshal of Maligh A Warrior's Views Year of the Blue Shield The first sign of trouble was the empty road. At this hour of a bright morning, the way to Narthil should have been crowded with groaning carts, snorting oxen pulling wagons along, any number of peddlers leading mules, laborers and pilgrims trudging along under the weight of their packs, and perhaps even a mounted messenger or two. Instead, Elmara had the road to herself as she topped the last rise and saw that her way was barred by a log swing-gate across the road.
