=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 50
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster arrives at an inn in Athalantar after escaping from wizards and armsmen, Elminster engages in conversation with Broarn about the political climate of Athalantar
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
Be welcome in my inn-though I must warn you, lord, that six armsmen sleep under this roof tonight, and at least one merchant who tells all he sees to magelings." "This stable is palace enough," Elminster said with a smile. "I've run from wizards and armsmen across half the Horn Hills, to here . . . and was beginning to wonder where in the world I could be free of them." "There is no place to hide from strong magic," Broarn said soberly. " 'Tis why men hold these lands now, and not the Fair Folk." "I thought elven magic o'ermatched that of men," Elminster said curiously. "If elven mages wielded it together, aye-but elves have little taste for war, and spend much of their time feuding with each other. Most of them are also ...

we would call it idle; they trouble themselves more about having a good time and less about doing things." The innkeeper reached back through the door he'd come in by, produced a blanket, and tossed it over the side of a stall. "Human wizards know less," Broarn went on, stepping into the unseen passage beyond the door and reappearing with a covered serving platter and

an old, battered tankard as large as El-minster's head, "but're always trying to find old spells or create new ones. Elven mages only smile, say they already know all they need to-or if they're arrogant, say they know everything there is to know-and do nothing." Elminster saw a nearby stool and sat down. "Tell me more," he said. "Please. What that mage said about my simple ways is true enough. I would hear more of the way of the world, hereabouts." Broarn smiled and passed him the tray and the tankard. His smile broadened as Elminster lifted the lid, saw cold fowl, and dug in eagerly. "Ah, but you have the wits to know that, lord, where most don't. Here in Athalantar, there's little to say: the magelords have this land by the throat and don't mean to shift their grip.

Yet for all their airs, they couldn't hold a magic apprenticeship at some places in the southlands." Elminster looked up with his mouth full but his eyebrows raised. The innkeeper nodded. "Aye, the lands down there have always been rich, and crowded-fair crawling with folk. The greatest realm is Calimshan; the place those dusky-skinned merchants with their heads wrapped, who come here all bundled up in furs in spring and fall, come from." "I've never seen them," Elminster said quietly. The innkeeper scratched at his mustache. "You have been hidden away, lad. Well, to tell the tale short, there's a huge lawless land north of Calimshan, all forests and rivers, where their nobles always go to hunt game-or went, that is.
