=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 197
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster discovers sentient dagger, decides to cast powerful prayer against forces below.
location    : Narthil, Athalantar, Athalgard, Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
haste she wiped them away and gasped the words of another prayer. Tyche smiled upon her, too, it seemed. There was no magelord near. This blade must have been sent after her by someone back in Narthil, or even a wizard distant from that town, perhaps in Athalgard. Whatever its origin, there was no magical scrying upon her, and no intelligent being within spell- sight. El thanked both goddesses because it seemed the right thing to do, then rose from her knees and went on cautiously. Perhaps she'd best seek a place to hide and pray to Mystra for spells. ***** Othglar spat thoughtfully into the night, shifted his aching behind on the stump, and then grunted in sudden impatience and got to his feet, kicking at the air to ease the stiffness in his legs.

These wizards were all crazed-who in Athalantar would dare to attack almost four thousand swords? Out here in the proverbial chill back of beyond, too, weary miles of marching away from Hastarl and the lower river posts. Othglar shook his head and walked to the edge of the stone bluff, looking down. Scores of campfires glimmered in the vale below. He reflected on how depressingly familiar they looked as he scratched at his ribs, spat into the night, and then unlaced his codpiece, leaning his halberd against a tree. He was thoughtfully watering the unseen trees below when someone gave his halberd back to him, swinging it hard into his ear. Othglar's head snapped to one side, and he toppled forward into the night without a sound. A slim hand propped the halberd back where it had been as the brief, rolling thudding of the guard's landing began, far below.

The owner of the hand drew her dark cloak around herself against the chill of the night and peered out at the same view Othglar had been so unimpressed with. Elmara's mage-sight found only three small points of blue light-possibly enspelled daggers or rings. None was near, or moving about. Good. She counted campfires and sighed soundlessly. There were enough armsmen here to start a war against the elves that might ruin both Athalantar and the High Forest. She must act ... and that meant using one of the most powerful, lengthy, and dangerous prayers she knew. Crawling cautiously on hands and knees, Elmara found a hollow a little way down the cliff, a place where someone coming to the guard's post wouldn't immediately fall over her.

She knelt in it and undressed, putting everything that had metal in or about it in her pack, and then setting her pack well back behind her. She faced the campfires, softly whispered a supplication to Mystra, spread bare feet for better balance, and began her spell.
