=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 155
characters  : elminster, ithym, tarthe, tharp, gralkyn, elmara
events      : Elmara demonstrates her powerful spells before leading the Blades into battle against awakened beings.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
them, rubbing her hands thoughtfully. "I'm about ready," she said, casting a keen look at the waiting globes. Her hands trembled slightly. "We gathered that," Ithym said. Tarthe nodded, smiling thinly. "Mind telling us just what spells you've worked ... before all the bloodletting begins?" "I've not much time to chatter; the magics don't last over-long," Elmara replied, "but know ye all: I can fly, flames will harm me not-even dragonfire, though I doubt the mage who wrote the spell had ever faced it when he made his claim-and spells hurled my way will come back upon the sender." "You can do all that?" Tharp's voice was thoughtful. "Not every day," Elmara replied. "The spells are woven into a dwaeodem." "How nice," Gralkyn said with light, lilting sarcasm. "That explains everything ...

now I can go to my deathbed content." "The spells are linked in a shield about me," Elmara replied softly. "Its creation took the sacrifice of an enchanted item of power-and it drains the life from me, slowly but inescapably, more the longer I hold it." "Then enough idle talk," Tarthe said sharply. "Lead us into battle, mage." Elmara nodded, swallowed, ducked her head just as a helmed warrior does to pull down his visor before a charge-the warriors exchanged looks and smiled-caught up her staff, and scrambled up onto the balcony rail. Then she leapt off into space-and plunged from view. The Blades exchanged grim looks and leaned forward over the rail. Far below, Elmara was gliding, arms outstretched, across the chamber, tilting her body as if testing the air.

Her flight pulled sharply upward a scant hand's-breadth in front of a balcony, and she began to soar toward them. Her face was white and set; they saw her swallow and begin to look green even as she released her staff and moved her hands in intricate passes and finger- link-ings. The staff flew along beside her, mirroring her slight shifts of direction as Elmara rose up the far side of the chamber, working a spell. She seemed to cast it twice ... and drifted to a halt facing them, arms spread above her head, two ghostly circles of radiance flickering about her hands. Then they saw but did not hear her mouth a word that made the chamber itself quiver-and the radiances rushed outward from her hands and vanished. The four spheres in the center of the space began to move.

The Blades watched, warily raising weapons as the globes of light glided around the chamber-and the beings within them stirred. As if awakened from a long sleep, they turned to look about. One of the Blades whispered a heartfelt curse. The thieves ducked low behind the balcony rail, peering at their
