"Mystra brought me here, and"-she gestured down at herself, and a sudden blush stole across her face- "changed me, thus. I mean no harm to you or to this place." The elf regarded her gravely for a moment and said, "Yet there is the will in you to do great harm to many folk." El stared into his eyes and found her throat suddenly dry. She swallowed and said, "I live to avenge my slain parents. My foes are the magelords of Athalantar." The elf stood silent, as still and dark as the trees around. The sword of light did not waver. He seemed to be awaiting more words. Elmara shrugged. "To destroy them, I must master magic- or find some way to destroy theirs. I... met with Mystra. She said I'd find a tutor here....

Do ye know of a wizard or a priest of Mystra in this wood?" The sword vanished. Blinking in the sudden darkness, El heard that light

voice say simply, "Yes." Silence followed. Afraid of being left alone in the night in this endless forest, El asked quickly, "Will ye guide me to that person?" To her own astonishment, her voice quavered. "You have found 'that person,' " the elf replied with an undertone that might have been satisfaction or quiet amusement. "Give me your name." "El-Elmara," she answered, and something made her add, "I was Elminster until this morn." The elf nodded. "Baerithryn," he replied. "I was Braer to the last human who knew me." "Who was that?" El asked, suddenly curious. Those grave eyes flickered. "A lady mage . . . dead these three hundred summers." El looked down. "Oh." "I'm not overfond of questions, you'll find," the elf added. "Look and listen to learn. That is the elven way.

You humans have so much less time and always gabble questions and then rush off to do things without waiting for, or truly understanding, the answers. I hope to curb that in you ... just a little." He leaned forward and added, "Now lie back." El looked up at him, and then did so, wondering what would come next. Unconsciously, she covered her breasts and loins with her hands. The elf seemed to smile. "I've seen maids before ... and all of you, already." He dropped silently into a crouch and said, "Give me your foot." El looked at him in wonder, and then raised her left foot. The elf cupped it-his touch was feather-soft-and the pain slowly ebbed away. El looked at him in wonder. "The other," he said simply. She let her healed foot fall and extended the other to him. Again the pain fled.