=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 139
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Mystra leaves temple; Elmara shares tales of magic at inn
location    : Hastarl, Mlembryn lands
=== CONTENT ===
bright green eyes. Without a backward glance, the priestess went into the temple, moving with the slow gait and bent back of age. Mystra sighed, turned away herself, and became a dazzling web of lights that whirled and spun, faster and faster-until she was gone. ***** The sack Braer had given her proved to hold over twenty silver coins at the bottom, wrapped in a scrap of hide. That was not so many that she could afford to hurl them away for a warm bed every night, at least before the deep snows came down on the world. Hedges and thickets were her bedchambers, but Elmara usually warmed herself of evenings at an inn with a hot meal and a seat as close to the hearth as she could manage.

Lone young women walking the roads were few, but conjuring a little mage-fire and looking mysterious always kept any over-amorous local men at a distance. This night found her in the latest house of raised flagons, somewhere in the Mlembryn lands. To all who would listen, she spun tales of the glory of magic, tales drawn from what Braer and Helm and the streets of Hastarl had told her. Sometimes these tales won her a few drinks, and on nights when the gods smiled, someone else would tell stories of sorcery to top her own, and thereby tell her more of what most folk thought of magic ... and win her new marvels to tell on evenings to come.

She had hopes of that happening this night; two men, at least, were edging forward in their chairs, itching to unburden themselves of something, as she warmed to the height of her most splendid tale. ".. . And the last the king and all his court saw of the nine Royal Wizards, they were standing on thin air, facing each other in a circle, already higher than the tallest turret of the castle, and rising!" Elmara drew breath dramatically, looked around at her rapt audience, and went on.

"Lightnings danced ever faster between their hands, weaving a web so bright that it hurt the eyes to look upon it-but the last thing the king saw, ere they rose out of sight, was a dragon appearing in the midst of those lightnings, fading in, he said...." And then a curtain across a booth in the back of the room parted, and Elmara knew she was in trouble. The eager men turned hurriedly away, and the room filled with a sudden tension centered on a splendidly dressed, curl- bearded man who was striding across the room toward her. Rings gleamed on his fingers, and anger shone in his eyes. "You! Outlander!" Elmara raised a mild eyebrow. "Goodman?" " 'Lord,' to you. I am Lord Mage Dunsteen, and I bid you take heed, wench!" The man drew himself up importantly, and Elmara knew that
