=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 227
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster decides to involve allies in fight against magelords.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"I never thought I'd feel this," he said slowly, "but after Ilhundyl and those slave-sorcerers . . . I've had a bellyful of vengeance." He looked up. "So how should we work it? Attack Athalgard, trying to slay all the magelords we can before they know a foe's come calling?" Myrjala shrugged and told her tankard, "Some folk get a thrill out of destroying things. With most, the delight fades quickly. The gods don't suffer the others to live all that long-if a mage goes about just hurling spells, he eventually runs into someone else doing the same thing, with just a few

more spells up his sleeve." She lifted her eyes to meet Elminster's. "If you tried a hurl-all-fireballs attack on the magelords, bear in mind how much countryside you'd destroy- and all of it'd be Athalantar, the realm you're fighting for. They won't all obligingly challenge you one after another, each one politely awaiting his turn to die." Elminster sighed. "Stealth and years in the doing, then." He sipped from his tankard. "So tell me how ye think we should go about this. Ye're the elder of us two; I'll do as ye say." Myrjala shook her head. "It's past time to think for yourself, Elminster; look at me as your teacher no more, but an ally in your fight." El looked at her grave expression, nodded slowly, and said, "Ye're right, as always. Well...

if we're to avoid huge spell-battles, magelords must be lured into situations where we can fight them alone and they won't be able to call on all their fellows for aid. We'll have to lay some traps-and if just the two of us go up against them, sooner or later we will end up in a mighty spell-contest. If we and the magelords both hurl flames at each other, there's going to be a fire." Myrjala nodded. "And so?" she asked quietly. "We need allies to fight with us," El said, "but who?" He stared at the table in frowning silence. Myrjala took up her tankard again and stared thoughtfully at her reflection in it. "You've said more than once you wanted fitting justice to befall the magelords," she said carefully.

"What could be more right than calling on the elves of the High Forest, and the thieves in Hastarl, and Helm and his knights? 'Tis their realm you're fighting to free, too." Elminster started to shake his head, then grew very still, as his eyes slowly narrowed. "Ye're right," he said in a small voice. "Why am I always so blind?" "Lack of attention; I've told you before," Myrjala said crisply-and when he looked at her in irritation, she grinned at him and extended gentle fingers to stroke one of his hands. After a moment, El smiled back at her. "I'll have to travel about the realm cloaked in magic and speak to them," he said slowly, thinking it through, "because they know ye not." He sipped ale again.
