=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 242
characters  : elminster, helm
events      : Elminster rallies knights to rebellion against magelords; Helm leads charge
location    : hastarl, heldon
=== CONTENT ===
I'd welcome a chance to hew down a few magelings and armsmen-but how'll any of us ever get close enough to have that chance?" "The elves will go to war beside you," Ruvaen's voice came again. "Our magic will hide or shield you whenever we can, so you can stand blade-to- blade against your foes at last." There were rumbles of approval at this, but Helm stepped forward and raised his hand for silence. "I've led you, but in this every man must choose freely... . Death is all too likely, whatever grand words we toss back and forth here." The old knight spat thoughtfully into the leaves at his feet, and added, "Yet think you: death is coming for us if we say no and go on cowering in the forest. The magelords're wearing us down, man by man . . .

Rindol, Thanask; you know all of us who've fallen .. . and not a tenday passes that the armsmen aren't seeking us in every cave and thicket we run to. In a summer, or two at most, they'll have hunted down us all. Our lives are lost anyway-why not spend them to forge a blade that might actually take a magelord or two down with

us?" There were many nodding heads and raised blades among the knights, and Helm turned to Elminster with a grin that held no mirth at all. "Command us, Prince," he said. El looked around at them all. "Are you with me?" he asked simply. There were nods, and muttered "Ayes." Elminster leaned forward and said, "I need ye all to go to Hastarl-in small groups or pairs, not all together where ye may attract notice or be all slain together by a vigilant mage-lord. Just outside the wall, upriver, is a pit where they burn bodies and refuse; traders often camp near it. Gather there before a tenday's out and seek me or a man who gives his name to you as Farl. Dress as peddlers or traders; the elves have mint wine for you to carry as wares. . .

." El grinned at them and added dryly, "Try not to drink it all before ye get to Hastarl." There were real laughs this time and eagerness in their eyes. "There's a supply train bound for the eastern fortresses just leaving the fort at Heldon," Helm said excitedly. "We were debating whether to risk striking at it... it'll gain us clothes an' mounts an' pack beasts an' wagons!" "Good!" Elminster said, knowing he couldn't hold them back now if he wanted to. A hunger for battle was alight in their eyes; a flame he'd lit that would burn now until they-or the mage-lords-were all dead. There were shouts of eager approval. Helm collected the gazes of all the knights with his own eyes, turning as he drew his old sword and thrust it aloft. "For Athalantar, and freedom!" he cried, voice ringing through the trees.
