She was naked except for the Lion Sword, still on its thong around her neck. Elmara sighed, and wobbled to her feet. There was no sign of houses or docks or fences . . . just stunted trees, rocks, and a tangle of grasses, old stumps, and bushes where the beach ended and the living things began. She took a step forward, then froze. In the sand in front of her, someone had scratched one word: "Athalantar." El looked down at the word in the sand, and then at her bare limbs, and shivered. She coughed, shook her head, lifted her chin, and strode away from the water, heading toward the rising sun. ***** In a place where guardian spells glowed night and day, deep in the Castle of Sorcery, a man settled down to read. "Garadic," he said coldly, and sipped his drink.

The scaled minion reluctantly shuffled forward out of the shadows and gingerly opened Ondil's Book of Spells, where it lay on a lectern at the far end of the chamber from his master. Always-vigilant protective spells massed and swirled around the lectern, but no lightnings nor creeping death came. The revealed page was blank. "Bring it," was the next cold command. When the lectern stood before his high, padded chair, Ilhundyl set down the goblet of emerald wine and waved the scaled, shambling thing away. He turned the next page himself. It was as blank and creamy as the flyleaf before it had been. He turned it back. So was the next... and the next... and the next. .. every one of the pages was blank! Ilhundyl's face froze, and a frown crept in around his eyes. He spoke a word that made all the radiances in the room dim.

The floor glowed briefly, and there came a grating sound, as a flagstone there moved

back to reveal a hole. Very quickly, as if it had been waiting, a slyly questing tendril rose from unseen depths below. It touched the book delicately, almost caressingly, and then enfolded it-only to recoil, disappointed, and sink down again. That meant there were no hidden writings, nor portals or linkages to other spaces and other tomes. The book was empty. Sudden rage seized Ilhundyl then. He rose from his seat in black anger, striding through portals that slid open and curtains that parted at his approach. His furious walk ended half the castle away, before a large sphere of sparkling crystal. It stood atop a black pedestal, alone in a small room of many lamps. He glared into the depths of the sphere. Flames and flickerings appeared and coiled there, fueled by his anger.