=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 135
characters  : elmara, braer
events      : Elmara decides to leave High Forest, Elmara starts journey towards Ladyhouse Falls
location    : High Forest, Kingdom of the Stag, Ladyhouse Falls
=== CONTENT ===
"Why?" he asked lightly. "You didn't do it-'tis the magelords who should be sorry ... and I and my kin are counting on you to make them so, someday." Elmara drew herself up. "I intend to. Soon." The elf shook his head. "No, lass, not yet. You aren't ready... and a single archmage, no matter how mighty, can't hope to succeed against all the magelords and their servant creatures, if they whelm against you." He smiled and added, "And you haven't even learned to be an archmage yet. Set aside revenge for a time. 'Tis best savored when one waits a long time for it, anyway." Elmara sighed. "I may die of old age with the magelords still lording it over Athalantar." "I've read that fear in your mind often, since we first met," Braer replied, "and I know it will drive you until your death-or theirs.

It's why you must leave the High Forest before it starts to feel like a cage around you." Elmara took a deep breath, then nodded. "When should I go?" Braer smiled. "As soon as I've conjured up crying-towels for us both. Elves hate long, sad farewells even more than humans do." El tried to laugh, but sudden tears welled up and burst forth. "You see?" Braer said lightly, stepping forward to embrace her. Elmara saw tears in his own eyes before they embraced fiercely. ***** The night was soft and still and deep blue overhead as El left the familiar shade of the forest and headed across the rolling hills toward distant Ladyhouse Falls. She felt suddenly naked, away from the sheltering trees, but fought down the urge to hurry. Folk in too much haste make excellent targets for outlaws with bows . . .

and with no foe in sight and a heavy load of sausage, roast fowl, cheese, wine, and bread riding between her shoulder blades, she really had no need to hurry. She struck the Hastarl road and almost immediately passed by the last marker cairn. It felt marvelous to set foot outside the Kingdom of the Stag for the first time in her life. Elmara breathed deeply of the crisp air of fast-approaching leaf-fall, and looked at the land around as she went. She was wading through waist-deep brush, where the Great Fires had been set ten years agone to drive the elves out of all these lands and take them for men. But men huddled in ever-more- crowded cities and towns along the Delimbiyr, and summer by summer, the forest crept back to reclaim the hills.

Soon the elves-more bitter and swifter with their arrows than they'd once been- would return, too. Here shadowtops rose like a dark stand of halberds; there two hawks
