=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 136
characters  : elmara
events      : Elmara travels towards Ladyhouse Falls and encounters an old woman planting yellow-green plants
location    : Ladyhouse Falls
=== CONTENT ===
circled high in the clear air. She went on with joy in her step, and did not halt until it grew too dark to go on and the wolves began to howl. ***** She'd expected more than a few ragged stone cottages and a tumbledown barn-but the road ran on and up through the trees toward a distant roar of water; this must be Ladyhouse Falls. The road narrowed to a deep-rutted cart trail and turned east. A little path led off it into the trees, along which came the sound of water. Elmara took the way it offered and came out in a field broken by a huge, fire-scarred sheet of rock, with the rushing river hard by, and a high-peaked hall in front of her.

Ivy was thick on its old stones, and its door was dark, but to Elmara's mage-sight it blazed blue, the heart of a web of radiant lines sweeping out across the fields and down the trail she had walked upon. That strand blinked beneath her feet; she stepped aside hastily and advanced thereafter by walking on the mosses beside the trail. She almost fell over the old woman in dark robes who was kneeling in the dirt, planting small yellow-green things and covering them over deeply. "I was wondering if you'd stride right through my bed without seeing me at all," she said without looking up, her voice sharp-edged but amused. Elmara stared, and then swallowed, finding herself shy. "My-pardon, Lady. In truth, I saw thee not.

I seek-" "The glories of Mystra, I know." The wrinkled hands patted another plant into its resting-place-like so many tiny graves, El thought suddenly-and the white-haired head came up. Elmara found herself looking into two clear eyes of green flame that seemed to thrust right through her like two emerald blades. "Why?" El found herself bereft of words. She opened her mouth twice, and then the third time blurted out, "I-Mystra spoke to me. She said it'd been a long time since she'd met such a one as me. She asked me to kneel to her, and I did." Unable to meet that bright gaze longer, Elmara looked away. "Aye, so they all say. I suppose she told thee to worship her well." "She wrote that, aye. I-" "What has life taught thee thus far, young maid?" Elmara raised steady blue-gray eyes to meet that glittering green gaze.

The old woman's eyes seemed even brighter than before, but she was determined to hold them with her own, and she did. "I've learned how to hate, steal, grieve, and kill," she said. "I hope there's more to being a priestess of Mystra than that." The wrinkled old mouth crooked. "For many, not much more. Let's see if
