=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 88
characters  : elminster, farl
events      : Elminster shares story of Magister, discusses power with Farl; they decide to sleep on Hannibur's roof.
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
safely away from the boarded-up shop where their takings were cached. "Now let's go somewhere where we can talk and not be seen." "The burial ground again?" "Fair enough-once we make sure it's free of lovers." They did so, and Elminster told Farl the tale. His friend shook his head at El's description of the Magister. "I thought he was just a legend," he protested. "Nay," El said quietly, "he was frightening-ah, but it was magnificent, the way he ignored their best spells, and calmly judged each and struck them down. The power!" Farl cast a sidelong glance at his friend. Elminster was staring up at the moon, eyes bright. "To have that much power, someday," he murmured, "and never have to run from an armsman again!" "I thought you hated wizards." "I-I do ... magelords, at least. There's something about seeing spells hurled, though, that-" "Fascinates, eh?

I've felt that." Farl nodded in the moonlight. "You'll get over it once you've tried to fire a wand or speak a spell over and over again and nothing happens. You learn to admire it from a distance and keep well clear-or be swiftly slain. Gods-bedamned wizards." He yawned. "Well, a good night's work. . .. Let's get some slumber under Selune-or we'll be snoring somewhere when full day comes again." "Here?" "Nay-two of those dead, at least, have family vaults right here-and what if their servants, sent to clean up the tombs and the brush for a burial, are fearful enough of walking dead to demand an escort of armsmen? Nay, we need to find a roof elsewhere." A sudden thought came to Elminster, and he grinned. "Hannibur's?" Farl grinned back.

"His snores'd wake a corpse." "Exactly." They laughed and hastened back through the dark streets and alleys of the city, avoiding aroused bands of arms-men who were tramping aimlessly about in the night, looking for a running youth in dark leathers and an old mage strolling along in the air-and no doubt inwardly hoping they'd find neither. As the half-light that heralds dawn stole down the river and into Hastarl, El and Farl settled down on Hannibur's roof, wondering at the silence from below. "What's become of his snoring?" El murmured, and Farl shrugged his own puzzlement in reply. Then they heard the small sound from below that meant Hannibur had slid open the eye-panel on his back door. They exchanged raised eyebrows and
