=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 118
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elminster meets Mystra, who grants him power; Elminster kneels to Mystra and is transformed
location    : temple
=== CONTENT ===
first words to him, and it was still so. "I fear ye, and ..." He was silent for a time, and then what might have been a smile touched his lips, and he went on. "... I think I could learn to love ye." Mystra was very close to him now, and her eyes were dark pools of mystery. She smiled, and suddenly Elminster felt cool and refreshed, at ease. "I let mages use spells freely so that all beings who use magic may escape tyranny. But from that freedom come such as the magelords in this land," she said. "If you would overthrow them, why not become a mage yourself? It is but a tool in your hand... and it seems to fit your hand better than many I have seen grasping at it." Elminster took a pace back, lifting his hands in an unconscious warding gesture.

Mystra halted, eyes suddenly stern. "I ask again: will you kneel to me?" Eyes locked on hers, he knelt slowly. "Lady, I confess I am awed," he said slowly, "but if I serve thee ... I'd rather do it with my eyes open." Mystra laughed, eyes sparkling. "Ah, but it is long since I've met such a one as you!" Then her face was again solemn, and her voice low. "Extend your hand, freely and in trust, or go unharmed; choose." Elminster extended his hand without hesitation. Mystra smiled and touched it. Fire consumed him, spun him down helplessly into nothing and beyond, and whirled him away into golden depths ... as a thousand lightning bolts struck through his heart and roared back out of him as consuming flame.... Elminster screamed, or tried to, as he was flung away into many-hued madness, a place of blinding light and blazing pain.

He roared, and when darkness rushed up to meet him, he plunged headlong into it, striking it as if it were a stone wall. Dashed against it, he was ... gone.... *   *   *   *   * It was the cold, again, that awakened him. Elminster sat up, half expecting to see the burial-ground slumbering around him, and found instead the temple, still and dark. Power yet flowed in it, though, in a silent, invisible web of stirrings all around him, from the bare altar to the armsmen and the magelord who stood motionless all around the circular chancel. Now he could feel magic as well as see it! Awed, Elminster looked all around. He was naked; everything had been burned away to lie in ashes around him except for the Lion Sword, which lay beside him, unchanged from its ruined state.

Taking it up with a smile-the Mistress of Magic knew his duty, too, it seemed-he got to his feet. The blue
