=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 163
characters  : elmara, othbar, tarthe, gralkyn, ithym
events      : Warrior killed by magical force; group discusses escape plan; Othbar attempts spell to bind Ondil
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The Blades watched in horror as the warrior's bones burst up out of his body in a grisly spray of blood and vanished near the ceiling. What was left collapsed in a boneless heap, blood raining down around it as Tharp's helm and armor rang on the floor. The five remaining Blades looked at each other in horror. Elmara moaned and closed her eyes, face pale-but no less white than Tarthe's, as he reached out a reassuring arm to grip her shoulder. Othbar, the Hand of Tyche, swallowed and said, "Ondil slays us with spells spun from his tomb. Undeath and fell magic will take us all if we do not set our feet right." Tarthe nodded, face sharp with fear. "What should we do? You and Elmara know more of magic than the rest of us here." "Dig our way out of the chamber?" Elmara asked faintly.

"The doors and windows he must have covered with hanging spells that wait to slay us, but

if he's not expected us to pry at the flagstones, he may have to rise from his rest to hurl spells at us." "And when he rises, what then?" Gralkyn asked fearfully. Ithym nodded grimly, echoing the question. "We strike with everything we have," Tarthe said, "both spell and blade." "Let me cast a spell first," said Othbar. His face was very white and his voice shook. "If it works, Ondil will be bound into his tomb for a time, unable to work magic-and we can try to get out." "To have him sending spells and beasts after us for the rest of our lives?" Ithym asked grimly. Tarthe shrugged. "We'll have the chance to gather blades and spells enough to fight him if he does, where now he slaughters us at whim. Ready weapons, and I'll try these flagstones.

Othbar, say out when you're ready." The priest of Tyche fell to his knees in fervent prayer, bidding the Lady remember his long and faithful service. Then he pricked his palm with a belt knife, and caught the falling drops of blood in his other hand, intoning something they could not understand. A moment later, he crumpled to the flagstones, arms flopping loosely. Gralkyn took an involuntary step forward-and then recoiled, as something ghost-white rose in wisps from the priest's body. It roiled in silence, growing taller and thinner-until a ghostly image of Othbar stood facing them. It pointed sternly at the four surviving Blades, and then at the windows. They watched in awe as Othbar's shade strode to the casket and laid its palms on the stone lid. "What? Is he-?" Ithym was shaken. Tarthe bent over the body. "Yes." When he straightened, the warrior's face looked older.
