=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 133
characters  : elmara, braer
events      : Braer encourages Elmara to leave, revealing she'll meet an archmage priestess of Mystra at Ladyhouse Falls.
location    : Farl, Ladyhouse Falls
=== CONTENT ===
grow restless to move on." He held up a hand as she made a small sound of protest, and went on. "Nay, lass; I can see it in you and hear it in you, and for you it is right. You can never be free, never be yourself, until your parents have been avenged and you've set Athalantar back to what you think it should be. You're driven by this, and it's a burden no one in Faerun can lift but you, by doing the deeds you've set yourself." He smiled wryly. "You didn't want to leave Farl, and now you don't want to leave me. Are you sure you shouldn't stay a woman the rest of your days?" Elmara made a face and added softly, "I didn't know I had a choice." "Not yet, perhaps, but you will... when you start to become a realm- shattering archmage.

Thus far, you've become familiar with magic, and by the grace of Mystra call up and shape what slumbers in the land around. Did you truly think this prayer, now, and all the others each night, were wasted?" "I-" "You've begun to fear so, yes. I'm telling you differently," Braer said almost sternly and stood up in a single smooth movement. He reached down a hand to assist her to rise and added, "I'll miss you, but I won't be sad or angry; 'tis time for you to move on. You'll return when you must. My task hasn't been to teach you spells that'll blast magelords and their dragon steeds out of the sky, but to teach you familiarity with magic and wisdom in the use of it. I am a priest of Mystra, yes-but there's a priestess of Mystra greater far than I am.

You must go to see her soon, outside the forest. Her temple is at Ladyhouse Falls, and she knows more of the ways of men ... and of where you should go in the days ahead." Elmara frowned. "I-ye are right, I do grow restless, but I don't want to leave." The elf smiled. "Ah, but you do." Then his smile vanished, and he added, "And before you go, I'd like to see that revealment spell cast properly for once!" Elmara sighed. "It's just a spell I've a little trouble with, one among-what is it?-two score and more?" Braer raised eyebrows and hands together. " 'Just a spell'? Lass, lass. Nothing should ever be just a spell to you. Revere magic, remember?

Else it's just a faster sword or longer lance to you-only a grubbing after more power than you can grasp by other means." "It's not that to me!" Elmara protested, turning on him angrily. "Oh, before I came here, perhaps! Do you think I've learned nothing from you?" "Easy, lass, easy. I'm not a magelord, remember?" El stared at him for a moment, and then managed a laugh. "I did hold my
