=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 97
characters  : farl, elminster
events      : Formation of Velvet Hands gang
location    : hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
The next roof was thatch, and they burrowed thankfully into its far slope to catch their breaths. They looked at each other in the darkness, panting. "There's naught for it," Farl said a few frantic breaths later, "but to form our own gang." "Tyche aid us," El murmured. Farl looked at him. "Don't you mean Mask, Lord of Thieves?" "Nay," Elminster replied. "I was praying that this 'gang' does not end our friendship ... or our lives." Farl was a silent for a long time. Then Elminster heard him murmur, "Oh, Lady Tyche, hear me...." *    *    *    *    * "Ah, Naneetha! Those velvet hands . .." Farl was laughing- and then he stopped. "That's it! We'll call ourselves the 'Velvet Hands'!" Groans and laughter rang round the tiny room.

It was dusty and stank of decades of salted fish-but the owner of the warehouse was dead, and the two broken-down carts they'd carefully jammed together in the mouth of the alley made it unlikely any patrols would get close enough to hear them. Over

a dozen folk were in the room, keeping a wary distance apart, with careful eyes on each other and their hands close to their weapons. Farl eyed them all, and sighed. "I know none of you are delighted at this idea . . . but everyone here knows it's band together or be slain-or leave Hastarl to try our luck elsewhere ... in strange places where we'll be marked as suspicious outlanders an' find a local gang of thieves waiting to sink knives into us." "Why not join the Moonclaws?" Klaern rasped. He was one of the Blaenbar brothers, who lounged together by a window where they could give a signal to someone outside. "On what terms?" he asked reasonably. "Every time Eladar or I have crossed paths with 'em, they've tried to put their blades into us before a word was exchanged.

We'd start out on the fringes, all of us, untrusted and expendable." "More than that," Elminster put in, drawing startled looks from all over the room. "I've wondered at all those leathers an' matching badges they wear. Expensive, that-an' right from the outset, before they'd taken two coins to rub together. Good weapons, too. Does that remind all of ye of anything? A private bodyguard, belike? An army in Hastarl that strikes at thieves-us- whenever they see us. That sounds like the work of someone in the hire of a magelord, or the king, or someone rich and important. What better way to rid the city of thieves and arrange 'accidents' for thy rivals but than to put thine own band on the streets?" There were thoughtful nods all around the room now.
