=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 291
characters  : elminster, myrjala
events      : Elminster shocked by Myrjala's resurrection; Mystra reveals herself
location    : Shadowdale
=== CONTENT ===
I'll wield magic no more!" The ground rumbled and rocked at his words, and something slithered around his feet. Elminster looked down . . . and froze, watching in stunned silence. The ashes around him began to glow and drift together over the overgrown stone, rising and reshaping themselves into . .. Myrjala! Honey-brown hair swirled as the glow became her bone-white body, lying on the stones. The hair wavered as if disturbed by an ebbing wave, and fell aside to reveal his teacher's familiar, pert face, and those large, dark eyes. They opened and looked up at him. Elminster stood gaping in shock as Myrjala said gently, "Please, Elminster . . . never utter such words again-please? For me?" Dumbly, Elminster fell to his knees again, reaching out wondering hands to touch her shoulders.

They were solid, and smooth, and so were the hands that lifted to him and pulled his mouth down to hers. The sharp smell of burnt hair was strong around them as Elminster pulled back in alarm, wary of another magelord trick, and stared down into the eyes of the sorceress. Their eyes met for a long time, and El knew he was facing Myrjala. He swallowed, tears falling from his cheeks onto her own, and said, "I-I promise. I thought ye dead ... ye were dead, burned to ashes! How can this be?" Fire rose and raged, deep in those dark eyes staring up into his. The ghost of what might have been a smile passed over her lips as she said softly, "For Mystra, anything is possible." Elminster stared down at her, and then at last, he realized who-what-his teacher truly was.

In real fear, he tried to pull away. A hint of sadness crept into those dark eyes, but then their gaze sharpened and, as much as the firm arms around his

neck, held him motionless. The goddess Mystra held him captive with her eyes of dark mystery, and said softly, "Long ago, you said you could learn to love me." Suddenly her eyes held a challenge. Face white, wordless, Elminster nodded. "Show me, then, what you've learned," the Lady beneath him said softly, and cool white fire rose up around them both. Elminster felt clothes and all burn away as they rose into the air amid searing flames, up into the morning sky above the weathered stone plinth. Then her lips met his, and the burning began, as power such as he'd never known before surged into him.... *   *   *   *   * The cart squeaked loud enough to rouse the sleeping dead, as usual. Bethgarl yawned as he pushed it up the bumpy slope before the long descent into Hastarl... but then, he was all too used to it.
