=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 75
characters  : elminster, farl
events      : Farl shares his past, plans revenge
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
Besides, the magelords I know could never resist taunting their foes before smiting them down, face-to-face." "Then use his name," Elminster said deliberately, "and mayhap he'll come down where I can reach him." "After I do," Farl replied softly. "After I'm done tearing his tongue out by the roots and breaking all his fingers to stop his spells-then I'll let you have some fun. He shouldn't die in any great haste." "So who is he?" Farl lifted one side of his mouth in a mirthless smile. "Lord Hawklyn, master magelord. Mage Royal of Athalantar, to you." He turned his head to watch a fleetwing whirl from one broken pillar to another. "I was illegitimate.

Hawklyn had my mother- a lady of the court, loved by many, they say-killed when he learned of my birth." "Why d'ye still live-outside yon tower?" Farl stared into the past, not seeing the tombs ahead of him. "His men slaughtered a baby-but the wrong one; some other poor brat. I was stolen by a woman my mother had befriended ... a lady of the evening."

Elminster raised his brows. "Yet ye proposed stealing from those same night maids?" Farl shrugged. "One of them strangled my foster-mother for a few coins; I've never found out who, but almost certainly one of the girls in the Wench on"-his voice mockingly assumed the pedantic tones of a sage relating a tale of awesome importance- "the night when two magelords' sons revealed their love to all Hastarl." "Oh, gods," Elminster said quietly, "and I've felt sorry for meself a time or two. Farl, ye-" "Can tell you to belt up and not say whatever tearful mush you were about to spout," Farl said serenely.

"When the feebleness brought on by my advancing dotage requires sympathy from thee, Eladar Mage-Killer, I shall not keep thee unapprised of the fact." His grandiose tones brought forth a chuckle from Elminster, who asked, "What's it to be now, then?" Farl grinned and, in one smooth movement, rolled to his feet. "Rest time's over. Back to the wars. So you won't let me take advantage of ladies of the evening or innocent folk-well, that's not a hard bind. There can't be more than two or three of the latter in all Hastarl-an' we've hit the wizards and the high-and-mighty families overmuch. If we roost too often on the same perch, 'tis traps we'll find waiting, not piles of coins ready for the taking. This leaves us with two targets: temples-" "Nay," Elminster said firmly. "No meddling with the affairs of gods.
