=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 249
characters  : elminster, farl, tass
events      : Planning begins for rebellion in Athalantar; Elminster tasks Farl and Tass with stealing magical items.
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
"We've made a success of things here, yes .. . but a success that could be swept away in an instant at a magelord's whim." She rose. Moonlight outlined her bare body, but she wore dignity like a grand gown. "More than that," she went on, "we can be satisfied about what we've done . . . but Farl, for once in my life I want to be proud! To do something that folk will always respect, whatever befalls! To do something that. . . matters. This may be our only chance." She looked out the window, stiffened as she saw the elves standing on a nearby rooftop, and then made what might have been a sob as they waved to her in salute. Solemnly, feeling her heart rising within her, she waved back,

and spun from the window in sudden fierceness. "And what better cause can there be? Athalantar needs us! We can be free!" Farl nodded, a slow smile building on his face. "You speak truth," he said quietly, and looked up at Elminster. "El, you can depend on the Velvet Hands." He raised his blade in salute; it flashed as moonlight leapt down its steely length. "What will you have us do?" "Tomorrow even," El said, "I'll call on ye. I need Tass to make contact with the knights-'tis best if she looks like a pleasure-lass, to go to the camp outside the walls by the burning pit. Then, all the night through, I'll need your folk to work with the elves . . .

stealing magic items and the small things they use to work spells-bones and rust flakes and gems and bits of string, ye know-from magelords all over the city. The elves'll cloak ye and guide ye as to what to take." All three of them grinned at each other. "This is going to be fun," Farl said, eyes shining. "I hope so," Elminster replied quietly. "Oh, I hope so." ***** "Have they attacked us yet, Old One?" Malanthor's tone and raised eyebrow were sardonic. "Or did I miss it? I did spend a few moments in the jakes this morn." Ithboltar's smile was thin and wintry. "The threat is real, and remains so. You would do well to set aside a trifling amount of that arrogance, Malanthor.
