=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 144
characters  : elminster, elmara
events      : Magical artifact retrieval quest given to Elmara by Ilhundyl
location    : Calimshan
=== CONTENT ===
The ruler of the Calishar leaned forward, voice thinning in urgent precision. "When you can battle a lich spell for spell and prevail, seek out Ondil's Book of Spells and take it to the altar of Mystra on the island called Mystra's Dance. Surrender it to the goddess there." His voice changed again, thundering once more. "Once you know you hold Ondil's tome in your hands, look no longer on its pages, nor seek to learn the spells therein, for that is the sacrifice Mystra demands! Go, now, and do this." The light above the Mad Mage's high seat faded, leaving Elmara facing darkness. "My thanks," she said, and turned away. As she walked back down the great chamber, the globe of light moved with her. The light faded beyond the great bronze doors, which ground shut with their usual boom.

When the echoes had died away Ilhundyl added quietly, "And once you've got me that book, go and get yourself killed, mageling." Garadic's handsome features melted soundlessly into the fanged and scaled horror of his true face. The scaled minion stepped forward and asked curiously, "Why, master?" The Mad Mage frowned. "I've never met anyone with so much latent power before. If she lives, she could grow in magic to master the Realms." He shrugged. "But she'll die." Garadic took another step, his tail scraping along the floor. "And if she does not, master?" Ilhundyl smiled and said, "You will see to it that she does."

Ten IN THE FLOATING TOWER Great adventure? Hah! Frantic fear and scrabbling about in tombs or worse, spilling blood or trying to strike down things that can no longer bleed. If ye're a mage, it lasts only until some other wizard hurls a spell faster than thee. Speak to me not of "great adventure." Theldaun "Firehurler" Ieirson Teachings of an Angry Old Mage Year of the Griffon It was a cold, clear day in early Marpenoth, in the Year of Much Ale. The leaves on the trees all around were touched with gold and flame-orange as the Brave Blades reined in beneath the place they'd sought for so long. Their destination hung dark and silent above them: the Floating Tower, the lifeless hold of the long-dead mage Ondil, hidden away in this bramble- choked ravine in the wilderlands somewhere well west of the Horn Hills.
