=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 234
characters  : taraj
events      : Panther attacks Calishite merchant, Magelord takes various forms to defeat merchant, Black dragon appears
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
So that was the only fang the man had? Well, then ... Taraj turned, sleek coat rippling, and rushed back at the man, dead leaves rustling as his racing paws hurled them aside. The Calishite dodged, eyes wide and white with terror, slashed wildly at Taraj's nose-and then turned and ran. Taraj gave him a throaty snarl and bounded after him. The man heard and spun around to prevent being hamstrung, that tiny blade gleaming again as he brandished it desperately. Taraj snarled and kept coming, not slowing... and the terrified man backed away. After a few hurried, unseeing paces, of course, he stumbled on something underfoot, and fell hard on his behind. Taraj leapt at him, jaws opening wide for that first playful bite, but the man kicked out with frantic savagery-and the magelord felt sudden tearing pain.

He snarled and recoiled, bounding away and then whirling back to face his victim. Gods curse the man! The trader's boots had suddenly sprouted toe- daggers. Vicious little blades; one gleamed at him as the exhausted man stayed on his back, feet up-and the other was wet and dark with Taraj's blood. The magelord snarled again and loped off into the nearest tall grass. Dragon at the gate! You couldn't even trust fat Calishite merchant traders to fight fair these days! Well, you'd never been able to, he admitted wryly as the panther's body fell away, flowing and changing again. A brief visit to the Luthkantan in the shape of an acid-spitting snake should do away with the man's weapons so he could be killed slowly and enjoyably afterward. The snake reared up, coiling experimentally, shaking as the magelord settled into this new shape.

A black crow that had been scudding along unseen behind the panther

dived earthward, starting to change even before it struck the grassy ground below. Something huge and dark rose up out of the grass where it landed, batlike wings unfolding and long tail switching ... a black dragon crouched amid the crushed grass, leaning forward over the suddenly hissing, coiling snake. The snake spat. The smoking acid struck the dragon's snout and dripped; black dragons are never harmed by acids. The dragon smiled slowly and opened its own jaws. The acid that streamed from the dragon's maw consumed a tree and left the snake itself smoking and writhing in the scorched grasses beyond, throwing coils about in its agony. The dragon strode forward, slowly, heavily ... and tauntingly. From somewhere in the trees ahead came a despairing scream as the Calishite trader saw the dragon, and crashing sounds as he struggled through trees and thick brush in frantic flight.
