=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 22
characters  : elminster, helm stoneblade
events      : Elminster learns about his father and uncles from Helm Stoneblade
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Right, I've learned thy clever lesson. Tell me then, O wise knight: how much else of all ye've said can I trust? About my father and my uncles?" Helm hid a smile. When this lad's voice grew quiet, it betokened danger. No bluster about this one. He deserved a fair answer, well enough. The knight said simply, "All of it. As best I know. If ye're still hungry for names to work revenge on, add these to thy tally: Magelords Seldinor Stormcloak and Kadeln Olothstar-but I'd not know the faces of any of the three if I bumped noses with them in a brothel bathing pool." Elminster regarded the unshaven, stinking man steadily. "Ye are not what I expected a knight of Athalantar to be." Helm met his gaze squarely. "Ye thought to see shining armor, Prince? Astride a white horse as tall as a cottage? Courtly manners? Noble sacrifices?

Not in this world, lad-not since the Queen of the Hunt died." "Who?" Helm sighed and looked away. "I forget ye know naught of your own realm. Queen Syndrel Hornweather; your granddam, Uthgrael's queen, an' mistress of all his stag hunts." He looked into the darkness, and added softly, "She was the most beautiful lady I've ever seen." Elminster got up abruptly. "My thanks for this, Helm Stoneblade. I must be on my way before any of thy fellow wolves return from plundering Heldon. If the gods smile, we shall meet again." Helm looked up at him. "I hope so, lad. I hope so-an' let it be when Athalantar is free of magelords again, an' my 'fellow wolves,' the true knights of Athalantar, can ride again." He held out his hands. The flask was in one, and the bread in the other.

"Go west, to the Horn Hills," he said roughly, "an' take care not to be seen. Move at dusk an' dawn, and keep to fields and forest. 'Ware armsmen at patrol. Out there, they slay first, an' ask thy corpse its business after. Never forget: the blades the wizards hire are not knights; today's armsmen of Athalantar have no honor." He spat to one side thoughtfully and added, "If ye meet with outlaws, tell them Helm sent ye, an' ye're to be trusted." Elminster took the bread and the flask. Their eyes met, and he nodded his thanks. "Remember," Helm said, "tell no one thy true name-an' don't ask fool questions about princes or magelords, either. Be someone else 'til 'tis time." Elminster nodded.

"Have my trust, Sir Knight, and my thanks." He turned with all the gravity of his twelve winters and strode away to the mouth of the cavern. The knight came after, grinning. Then he said, "Wait, lad- take my sword; ye'll need it. Best ye keep that hilt of thine out of sight."
