=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 16
characters  : elminster, helm
events      : First meeting between Elminster and Helm Stoneblade, knight of the Stag Throne; Helm reveals information about Elminster's lineage.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Elminster eyed it. He was very thirsty, he realized suddenly. He took a step nearer. "If ye give me some answers," he said, "and promise not to slay me." Helm regarded him almost with respect and said, "Ye have my word on it- the word of Helm Stoneblade, knight of the Stag Throne." He cleared his throat and said, "An' answers I'll give, too, if ye'll favor me with just one more." He leaned forward. "What is thy name?" "Elminster Aumar, son of Elthryn." "Only son?" "Enough," Elminster said, taking the flask. "Ye've had your one answer; give me mine." The man grinned again. "Please, Lord Prince? Just one answer more?" Elminster stared at him. "D'ye mock me? 'Lord Prince'?" Helm shook his head. "No, lad-Prince Elminster. I pray ye, I must know. Have ye brothers? Sisters?" Elminster shook his head.

"None, alive or dead." "Thy mother?" Elminster spread his hands. "Did ye find anyone alive down there?" he asked, suddenly angry again. "I'd like my answers now, Sir Knight." He took a long, deliberate drink from the flask. His nose and throat exploded in bubbling fire. Elminster choked and gasped. His knees hit the stony ground, hard; through swimming eyes he saw Helm lean swiftly forward to rescue him-and the flask. Strong hands helped him to his seat and gently shook him. "Firewine not to thy liking, lad? All right now?" Elminster managed a nod, head bowed. Helm roughly patted him on the arm and said, "Well enough. Seems thy parents thought it safest to tell ye nothing.

I agree with them." Elminster's head came up in anger-but through swimming eyes he saw Helm holding up one gauntleted hand in the gesture that meant "halt." "Yet I gave my word ... an' you are a prince of Athalantar. A knight keeps his promises, however rashly made." "So, speak," Elminster said. "How much d'ye know of thy parents? Thy lineage?" Elminster shrugged. "Nothing," he said bitterly, "beyond the names of my parents. My mother was Amrythale Goldsheaf; her father was a forester. My father was proud of this sword-it had magic-and was glad that we couldn't see Athalgard from Heldon. That's all." Helm rolled his eyes, sighed, and said, "Well, then. Sit an' learn. If ye'd live, keep what I tell thee to thyself. Wizards hunt folk of thy blood in
