=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 179
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster arrives at Myrkiel's Rest in Narthil, encounters an angry mage
location    : Narthil, Myrkiel's Rest
=== CONTENT ===
The guardcaptain paled, opened his mouth to say something, jaw quivering, and then fled, followed a moment later by the rest of the guard. Elmara watched them go, smiling a little, and then walked on along the road, toward the inn. ***** The sign above the door said Myrkiel's Rest, and merchants had told her it was the best (near the only) inn in Narthil. Elmara found it pleasant enough, and took a chair against a wall at the back of the room, where she could see who came in. She ordered a meal from the stout proprietress and asked if she could use a room for a few breaths, offering a regal if she could do it undisturbed. The innkeeper's eyebrows rose, but without a word she took Elmara's coin and showed her a room with a door that could be barred.

When Elmara returned to her seat, humming the verse "O for an iron guard!" her meal was waiting, hot butter-bread and rabbit stew.

It was good. She was most of the way through it when the front door of the Rest burst open, and armsmen with drawn swords pushed in. An angry- looking man in robes of red and silver strode in their midst. "Ho, Asmartha!" the splendidly garbed man snapped. "Who is this outlaw you shelter?" With an imperious jerk of his head, he indicated the young woman sitting in the corner. The innkeeper turned angry eyes on Elmara, but the hawk-nosed maid was calmly licking the last sauce from a rabbit-bone, and paid no heed. Motioning his armsmen to stay around him, the man in robes strode grandly toward Elmara's table. Other diners stared and hastily shifted their seats to be well out of the way-but close enough to see and hear all they could. "A word with you, wench!" Elmara raised her eyes, over another bone.

She inspected it, set it aside, and selected another. "Ye may have several," she decreed calmly and went on eating. There were several sniggers and chuckles from around the tables- quelled by the cold and steady glare of the finely robed man as he turned on one boot heel to survey the room. "I understand you style yourself a mage," he said coldly to the seated woman. Elmara put down another bone. "No. I said I worked magic," she replied, not bothering to look up. After a few long breaths more, as she unconcernedly gnawed at a succession of bones, it became clear she had no intention of saying anything more. "I'm speaking to you, wench!" "I had noticed, aye," Elmara agreed. "Say on." She picked up another bone, decided it was too bare to suck on a second time, and put it down.
