=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 74
characters  : elminster, farl
events      : First meeting between Elminster and Farl; shared betrayal and friendship discovery.
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
We could go somewhere warmer I know of, where they'll overcharge us for some hot turtle soup and burned toast... if you'll pay." "Gladly," Elminster said, "if ye'll tell me where I can find a bed in this city, an' tell me what not to do." "I'll do that," the laughing youth replied, jumping lightly down. "You need to learn, and I like to talk. Better; you look like you need a friend, and I find myself in short supply of them right now, too... hey?" "Lead on," Elminster said. He'd learned much that day, and in the days since then-but not where Farl had come from. The merry thief seemed part of Hastarl, as if he'd always been there and the city echoed his moods and manner.

The two had taken a liking to each other and stolen more than their own weights in gold and gems through a slow spring and much of a long, hot summer. Musing about this damp city of the magelords around him, Elminster found himself back on the sloping stone of the tomb roof, in the ebbing heat of a long, lazy summer day. He turned to look into his friend's face. "More

than once, ye've said ye knew I came from Heldon." Farl nodded. "The way you speak: up-country, for sure, and east. More- the winter when Undarl joined the magelords, talk went around the city that he'd impressed the others into accepting him in by riding a dragon he could command. At Lord Hawklyn's bidding he went to the village of Heldon to slay a man and wife there-and to show them what he could do, he had it tear the place stone from stone, an' burn all, even dogs running away across the fields." "Undarl," Elminster repeated softly. Farl saw that his friend's hands were clenched, white, and trembling. He nodded. "If it makes you feel better, El, I understand how you feel." The eyes that Elminster turned on him blazed like a fire of blue steel, but his voice came with terrible softness as he asked, "Oh?

How?" "The magelords killed my mother," Farl said calmly. Elminster looked at him, the fire dying. "What befell thy father then?" Farl shrugged. "Oh, he's very well indeed." Elminster looked a silent question, and Farl smiled a little sadly. "In fact, he's probably up in that tower there right now- and if Tyche frowns on us, he'll have magic up that enables him to hear us when I use his name." Elminster looked up at the tower and said, "Could he strike us with a spell from there?" Farl shrugged. "Who knows what wizards have learned to do? But I doubt it, or certain men'd be falling on their faces all over Hastarl.
