=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 176
characters  : elmara
events      : Elmara demonstrates power by turning mage-lords into stones, requests a minstrel to sing about King Uthgrael.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
?" There was a moment of shocked silence. Then chairs scraped back, and men reached for daggers-and the magelords fled. Or tried to. Outthrust boots tripped magelings not used to watching where they walked, and enthusiastic fists laid low apprentices not used to brawling with anything less than fireballs. One wizard's dagger slashed a merchant across the face, and the snarling man hauled out his own knife and made good use of it. The crash of the mage's body going to the floor amid overturning chairs brought the room to silence again. Only the one magelord was dead; the rest lay senseless, strewn about amid the disarranged tables and chairs. The innkeeper was the first to say what many of the diners were thinking.

"That was all too easy-but who among us will live when their fellow mages come down on us for revenge?" "Aye-they'll turn us all to snails and grind us under their boots!" "They'll blow the inn apart with flame, and us in it!" "Mayhap," Elmara said, "but only if some tongues here wag too freely." She calmly raised her hands and cast a spell, and then went about the room touching the wizards. Men backed out of her way in haste; it was easy to see they viewed wizards as swift and deadly trouble. When she was done, she murmured a word, and suddenly, seven stones sat where the sprawled bodies had lain. Elmara made a gesture, and the rocks were gone, leaving only a small, dark pool of blood behind to mark that they'd ever been there. The nearest merchant turned to Elmara.

"You turned them to stones?" "Aye," she said, and a sudden smile crossed her face. "Ye see- ye can get blood from stones." Amid a few uncertain chuckles, she turned to the minstrel. "Have ye breath enough to sing?"

The man nodded uncertainly. "Why?" "If ye will, I'd like to hear the rest of the tale about King Uthgrael." The minstrel bowed. "My pleasure, Lady-?" "Elmara," Elmara told him. "Elmara Aumar-er, descendant of Elthryn of Heldon." The minstrel looked at her as if Elmara had three heads and crowns on each one. "Heldon is ashes these nine winters past." El did not reply, and after a moment, the man asked curiously, "But tell me: where did you send the stones?" Elmara shrugged. "A good way offshore near Mystra's Dance, where the water is deep. When my spell wears off and they regain their true forms, they'll have to swim to the surface to survive. I hope they have large and strong lungs." Silence fell on the room at these words.
