go to the depths of the elven realms and get them to hide you somehow... call on the gods for miracles ... I believe that about covers it." "There's one other place," Elminster said quietly. The silence of utter astonishment fell on both Helm and Broarn. They turned as one to look at the lad in the scorched leather jerkin, standing alone in his stall. He'd slid his sword into hiding and picked up the bowl of turkey soup Broarn had brought him. As they watched, he calmly took a spoonful, smiled, dipped his spoon into the bowl again, drew forth another spoonful, and blew on it to cool it. "I'll slay ye, lad, if ye don't stop playing the fool," Helm growled, taking a step toward him.

"That's more or less what the magelord said to me," Elminster remarked mildly, "and look ye what befell him." Helplessly, Helm started to laugh, and that set Broarn and the other outlaws off into roars of mirth while Elminster assumed an air of innocence over his bowl and ladled several spoonfuls into his mouth, fearing chances to do so later would be few. "All right, lad," Broarn managed when he had breath enough, "give. Where to hide?" "Among a lot of folk that wizards dare not slay or upset too many of, or they'll have no realm left. In Hastarl itself," Elminster said. Helm-and alot of the outlaw knights behind him-stared at the youth with open mouths, aghast. "But ye'll attack the first mage ye see when ye step inside the gates, and we'll all perish right then!" the battered knight protested. Elminster shook his head. "Nay," he said.

"Watching sheep taught me patience . . . and hunting wizards is teaching me guile." "Ye're crazed," one of the other outlaws muttered.

"Aye," another agreed. "Wait a bit," still another protested. "The more I think on it, the better it seems." "Ye want death at yer elbow every day, whene'er ye go out?" "I've got that now ... an' if I go to Hastarl like the lad says, I might get me a warm house to sleep in o' winters." Then they were all talking, arguing earnestly, until Broarn hissed, "You will be quiet!" to knight after knight, waving his axe under their noses for emphasis. When he had silence, the fat innkeeper said, "If you make that sort of noise, I'll have arms-men up from their beds and in here to see what fun they're missing.