scuffling; stones turned and rolled by the mouth of the cave, and then clattered and were still. Silence fell. Elminster waited for a long time, but heard only the wind. They must have all gone. Carefully he rose, stretched his stiff arms and legs, and crept forward in the darkness, around the corner-and almost onto the point of a sword. The man at the other end of it said calmly, "An' who might ye be, lad? Run from the village down there?" He wore tattered leather armor, rusty gauntlets, a dented, scratched helm, and a heavy, stubbly beard. This close, Elminster could smell the stench of an unwashed man in armor, the stink of oil and wood smoke. "Those are my sheep, Helm," he said calmly. "Leave them be." "Thine?

Who be ye herding them for, with all down there dead?" Elminster met the man's level gaze and was ashamed when sudden tears welled up in his own eyes. He sprang back, wiping at his eyes, and drew the Lion Sword out of the breast of his jerkin. The man regarded him with what might have been pity and said, "Put that away, boy. I've no interest in crossing blades with ye, even if ye had proper steel to wield. Ye had folk down"-he pointed with a sideways tilt of his head, never taking his eyes from Elminster-"in Heldon?" "Aye," El managed to say, voice trembling only a little. "Where will ye go now?" Elminster shrugged. "I was going to stay here," he said bitterly, "and eat sheep." Helm's eyes met the young, angry gaze calmly. "A change of plans must needs be in order, then.

Shall I save ye one to get ye started?" Sudden rage rose up inside Elminster at that. "Thief!" he snarled, backing away. "Thief!" The man shrugged. "I've been called worse." Elminster found his hands were trembling; he thrust them and the ruined sword back into the front of his jerkin. Helm stood across the only way out. If there were a rock large enough .. . "You'd not be so calm if there were knights of Athalantar near! They kill brigands, you know," Elminster said, biting off his words as he'd heard his father do when angry, putting a bark of authority in his tone. The response astonished him. There was a sudden scuffling of boots on rock, and the man had him by the throat, one worn old gauntlet bunching up the jerkin under Elminster's nose.

"I am a knight of Athalantar, boy-sworn to the Stag King himself, gods and goddesses watch over him. If there weren't so gods-cursed many wizards down in Hastarl, kinging it over the lot of us with the hired brigands they call 'loyal armsmen,' I'd be riding a realm at