=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 84
characters  : elminster
events      : First meeting between Elminster and the Magister; Elminster expresses disdain for wielders of magic
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Are ye no better than these cruel mages who rule Athalantar?" He waved his blade at the roaring flames around him. "Or are all who wield magic so twisted by its power that they become tyrants who delight in maiming, destroying, and spreading fear among honest folk?" "Are you not-with these?" the Magister asked, spreading his hand to indicate the bodies hanging silently around him. "With them?" Elminster spat. "I fight them whenever I dare-and hope one day to destroy them all so men can walk Athalantar free and happy again!" His face twisted at a sudden thought. "I sound a bit like a high minstrel, don't I?" he added, more quietly. The Magister regarded him thoughtfully. "That's not a bad way to think," he said quietly, "if you survive the dangers of talking the same way." A sudden smile lit his face, and Elminster found himself smiling back.

Unseen by them both, down the hall, a pair of eyes appeared amid swirling points of light, in the flames flickering around the canted wreckage of the collapsed feast-table. They watched the boy and the floating mage, and looked thoughtful. "Can ye really see all that men are, and think?" Elminster asked, awkwardly blurting out the question. "No," the Magister replied simply. His old brown eyes looked down into unflinching blue-gray ones as he made the crackling wall of flames die away to nothing. Elminster looked once to see what had befallen, but made no move to flee. Standing on the rubble-strewn, blood-spattered floor, he looked back up at the old wizard. "Are ye going to blast me or let me go?" "I have no interest in destroying honest folk-and very little at all in the affairs of those who have no magic. I see you have mage-sight, lad ...

why don't you try your hand at sorcery?"

Elminster gave him a dark look. His voice was scornful as he said, "I've no interest in such things, or in becoming the sort of man who wields magic. Whenever I look upon mages, I see snakes who use their spells to make folk fear them-like a whip to drive others to obey. Hard, arrogant men who can take a life, or-" he raised hard eyes to look at the destruction all around; the eyes watching from the flames shrank down to avoid notice-"destroy a hall in a few breaths, and not care what they've done, so long as their whims are satisfied. Leave me out of the ranks of wizards, lord." Then, staring up at the old man's calm face, Elminster knew sudden fear. His words had been harsh, and the Magister was a mage like any other. The mild old eyes, though, seemed to hold ... approval?
