=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 212
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elmara encounters Ander, an ancient archwizard
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
In front of her, the wraith of a man was building itself out of the empty air-tall, thin, and regal, robed in strange garb adorned with upswept horns like the chests, and standing on nothingness well above the rune-graven floor. Eyes that were two emerald flames fixed Elmara with a powerful, deeply wise gaze, and a voice spoke in her head. "Why have ye come to dis- turb my sleep?" "To learn," El said quickly, not lowering her hands. "Students seldom arrive with ready slaying spells," was the reply. "That is more often the style of those who come to steal." Vertical columns of emerald radiance suddenly leapt into being all over the chamber, and from the ceiling jumbled bones descended into each shaft of light, to drift therein lazily. A score or more skulls stared at Elmara. She looked at them and then back at the wraith.

"These are what remains of thieves who've come here?"

"Indeed. They came seeking some glorious treasures of Netheril. .. but the only treasure that lies here is myself." The voice paused, and the wraith drifted a little nearer. "Does this change the purpose of thy visit?" "I have been a thief, but I did not come here hoping to bear anything away but lessons," Elmara replied. "I shall let ye keep that much," the cold voice replied. "Let me keep lessons? Ye can deny them?" "Of course. I mastered magic in Thyndlamdrivvar .. . not as the wizards of today seem to, plucking spells from tombs or foolish tutors the same way small boys steal apples from others' trees." "Who are ye?" El whispered, eyes straying to watch the skulls drift and dance. "I now go by the name of Ander.

Before I passed into this state, I was an archwizard of Netheril-but the city where I lived and the great works I wrought seem to have all vanished 'neath the claws of passing years. So much for striving ... and there's a valuable lesson for ye to bear away, mageling." El frowned. "What have ye become?" "I have passed beyond death by means of my art. I understand from such conversations as these-so my knowledge may be clouded by untruths said to me-that all the wizards of today can manage is to preserve their bodies, shuffling about as crumbling, putrefying wreckage until they collapse altogether ... ye call them 'liches,' I believe?" Elmara nodded uncertainly. "Aye." The green eyes of the wraith glowed a little more brightly.
