=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 285
characters  : anauviir, myrjala, mithtyn, elminster, tassabra, farl, helm, isparla
events      : Dance and conversation among nobles
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
As he dipped past her, he asked curiously, "Lady, I mean no offence- but why did ye not kneel to the new king?" "I kneel to no man, Anauviir," Myrjala said and smiled. "If you would know why, ask Mithtyn in the morning." She left the warrior wondering how she knew his name, and turned away through the dancing folk to find Mithtyn. He was standing with most of the older folk by the pillars, watching the dance. As she glided toward him out of the whirling dancers, the old man went pale and turned to hasten away, but found himself surrounded by folk pressed forward for a good look. He had nowhere to go. Myrjala took him firmly by the hand. "After your praise for my dancing, you don't want to measure this floor with me? I'm hurt, brave Mithtyn!

You'll not escape me tonight!" There were chuckles and half-jealous, half-teasing words from the folk standing around as the sorceress dragged the old herald out into the dance- but when he returned to his place later, he stood tall and smiled, and walked as if he were a much younger man. Elminster was tired, and his throat hurt. . . but Tassabra had firmly whirled him into the midst of the dancers and guided him deftly through a dance of many avid kisses and caresses-and when Farl had smilingly reclaimed her, clapping El on the back so hard that the prince had almost fallen to his knees, the ladies of the court had pressed in. El found that the night fled slowly before his stumbling feet, but always another beautiful, eager lady of the court, eyes shining with excitement, was waiting for his hand, and the dances went on.

His feet were beginning to hurt as much as his raw throat, and sweat was trickling down his back under his already-soaked shirt. . . and still the music went on, and still he was surrounded by eager ladies. Shaking his head,

Elminster peered past whirling shoulders and laughing faces, seeking a tall, regal face with serene dark eyes. Then he was looking into them, and though half a hundred folk were dancing between them, Myrjala's voice seemed a soft whisper in his ear: "Go, and enjoy! Meet me here at dawn!" Elminster asked the air, "But what will ye be doing?" A few whirling turns later, Myrjala swept up to and past him and winked. El watched her dance up to Helm, deftly pluck him from the very arms of Isparla, and turn her head back to meet his wondering eyes. "I'll think of something!" Myrjala said to her pupil, and set off across the room, towing Helm by the hand. The old knight shook his head, grinned at Elminster, and shrugged.
