would aid you?" Elminster swallowed and found he couldn't shrug. Or move anything except his mouth. "The gods exist," he said slowly, "and their power is real. I have need of that power." "Oh? The traditional way," the wizard said pleasantly, "is to study-long and hard, for most of a lifetime-and abase oneself as an apprentice, and risk life in trying spells one doesn't understand or in devising one's own new magics. What colossal arrogance, to think Mystra would just give you something when you asked for it!" "The colossal arrogance in Athalantar," Elminster said softly, "is held by magelords. Your hold on this land is so tight that no other men in it have the luxury of colossal arrogance." There was a murmur, somewhere among the ring of arms-men. Ildru glared around, and abrupt silence returned. Then the wizard sighed theatrically. "I weary of your bitter words.

Be still, unless you want to plead." Elminster felt himself being forced backward, to clamber up onto the altar. "No spears yet," the magelord ordered. "I must work a spell first, to learn if this youth is all clever words and deluded dreams ... or if he holds some secrets yet." The wizard raised his hands, cast a spell, and then peered narrowly at Elminster, frowning. "No magic," he said as if to himself, "and yet you have some link to sorcery, some minor ability to shape ... I've not seen such before." He stepped forward. "What are your powers?" "I have no magic," Elminster spat.

"I abhor magic, and all that is done with it." "If I freed you and studied what is within you to see where your aptitude lies, would you be loyal to the Stag Throne?" "Forever!" The mage's eyes narrowed at that proud, quick answer, and he added, "And to the magelords of Athalantar?" "Never!" Elminster's shout echoed around the room, and the mage sighed again, watching the raging youth struggle vainly to spring down from the altar. "Enough," he said in a bored voice. "Kill him." He turned away, and Elminster saw a dozen armsmen-and probably more he couldn't see, behind him-raise their spears, heft them, and take a pace or two back for a good throw. "Forgive me, Mother . . . Father," Elminster said, through trembling lips,