=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 105
characters  : none
events      : none
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The reek that arose was incredible; it even made the thief, gloved hand about to close on what was left of the stag, recoil. This sudden movement sent him skidding on a fragment broken off the statue, and he sat down hard, jarring a portrait down off the wall. Roaruld Trumpettower, Scourge of Stirges-depicted holding a glass of blood aloft in one hand and a wrung-out, limp-winged stirge in the other-landed with a crash that shook the room, hopped forward as the frame shivered, and smashed down atop the thief. The stag spun away again, still growing smaller. Nanue sobbed at the overpowering smell as she wallowed in glass shards and spilled perfume; she was drenched with half a hundred secret oils and glowing daubs, and the tiles were so slippery she couldn't find footing. At length, weeping with frustration-and at the smell-she started to crawl toward the nearest rug.

It was the one Elminster had recently decorated. Nanue recoiled from it, selected another as her goal, and crawled in that direction, weeping with fresh energy. Elminster shook his head in disbelief at the scene of devastation in the room, caught hold of the rope, and was gone into the night. Behind him there was a sharp tearing sound as a gloved hand holding a dagger punched up through the heart of Roaruld Trumpettower, cutting a hole in the massive portrait so that its masked Moonclaws owner could emerge and look wildly around the room for-there! The stag lay in a serene pool of moonlight near the bed, starred now with many cracks. The thief hastened to scoop it up. "Mine at last!" "Nay," responded a cold voice from the window.

" 'Tis mine!" A dagger was flung, but missed, coming to quivering rest in a wooden wall-carving with a solid thunk.

The first thief sneered as he scooped up the stag-then, realizing the other Moonclaws man couldn't see his expression through the mask, made a rude gesture with the statue. The second thief snarled in rage and threw another dagger. It flashed across the room and passed just in front of Nanue's nose. The crawling bride hastily changed course again, scuttling back across the tiles toward safety behind the lounge. The thief with the statue strode toward the window. "Keep back!" he warned, waving his dagger. The second thief scooped up one of the fallen gem-coffers and calmly flung it at the head of the first thief. It hit home and burst open, spilling a glistening rain of gems to the floor. The first thief joined them in the general cascade, the stag flying up from his hand. End over end it spun through the air-toward the window.
