=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 199
characters  : elmara
events      : Elmara escapes enemy camp, injures arm trying to help others, meets astonished farmer
location    : Shadowdale
=== CONTENT ===
the senseless man across the rock was hot work, even naked as she was. "Ye were great," she hissed fiercely in his ear as she rolled him over the edge. Her cloak was around her and her pack on her back by the time she heard the body crash through branches below and start to roll. El stepped into her boots and carefully went forward onto soft moss before she stamped them firmly onto her feet. Then she crept into the darkness, heading back the way she'd come, hoping no new guardposts or patrols had been set. She'd a few spells left, aye, but scarce the strength to stand and cast them. She dare not try to go through this encamped army to reach the forest-elven patrols might slay her before they knew who she was, even if by some gods-sent miracle she got past all the armsmen.

No, 'twould be best to go back to the place of the goddess, that little pool, and seek Braer from there. It lay well west of here.... Stumbling with weariness, Elmara made her slow way down through the night, wondering how far she'd get before she passed out. It would be interesting to see.... ***** By the end of her second day in the loft, Elmara was still as weak as a newborn kitten. She'd fallen twice on the ladder, and finally struggled up here hissing in pain from a bruised or broken forearm. It was healed now, but the working of that prayer had left her with a splitting headache and a sick, empty feeling within, and she'd lain dreaming for a long time. She didn't feel ready to move even yet. "Mystra, watch over me," she murmured, and sank again into slumber....

***** "Gods above!" The awe-struck voice jerked her awake. Elmara turned her head. The bearded head of an astonished farmer was staring at her from an arm's reach away, a candle-lantern trembling in his hand. She struggled not to laugh at his expression; she supposed she'd look something like that if she found a lass wearing only a cloak and boots and lying in her hay-loft. He handled it well, she thought. As she burst into helpless giggles, he wiped a hand nervously across his mouth, found it was open, closed it, and cleared his throat with the same sort of sound sheep made in the meadow above Heldon. Fresh giggling seized Elmara. The farmer blinked at her, clearly finding her mirth almost as startling as her presence, and said, "Uh ... er ... aghumm. Fair even, uh .. .

lass." "Fair fortune to this farm and all in it," she said formally, rolling over to face him. Redness stole across his face, and he dragged his eyes reluctantly
