=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 237
characters  : elminster, myrjala
events      : Elminster escapes death with help of Myrjala; Elminster and Myrjala discuss next target
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Silence fell-followed a moment later by the Calishite, who gave a despairing moan as his eyes rolled up and he thudded limply to the scorched turf. The lady who glided into view atop the nearest ridge made a face at the blood covering Elminster. He looked up at her quickly, raising a hand to blast another foe if need be-and then relaxed, and called, "My thanks-again- for my life." Myrjala smiled as she came up to him and spread her hands. "What, after all, are friends for?" "How did ye do it this time?" El asked, striding forward to embrace her. She whispered something and made a small sign with one hand-and the magelord's gore was abruptly gone. Elminster looked down, shook his head, and then wrapped his arms around her and kissed her. "Let me breathe, young lion," Myrjala said at last, pulling her head back.

"To answer you-I used that spell you're so fond of, switching folk about. Taraj was the dragon who struck the wall-spell, and I guided you into his semblance." "I needed ye after all," Elminster said, looking into her dark, mysterious eyes. Myrjala smiled at him. "There's much more to do for Athalantar yet, O Prince ... and I need you whole to do it." "I'm-losing my thirst for killing magelords," Elminster said. Myrjala's arms tightened around him. "I understand, and respect you the more for that, El-but once begun, we must take them all ... or all we'll achieve for the folk of Athalantar is changing the names and faces of those who rule them iron-hard. Is that all you want to have done to avenge your mother and father?" When Elminster looked up at her, his eyes were bright and hard. "Who's

the next magelord we should slay?" he snapped. Myrjala almost smiled. "Seldinor," she said, turning away. "Why he, of them all?" Myrjala turned back. "You have been a woman. When I tell you his latest schemes, you will understand why, better than most brash young men who call themselves wizards." Elminster nodded, not smiling. "I was afraid ye'd say something like that." Elves were suddenly all around them, seeming to melt out of the trees. Braer met Elminster's eyes, and asked, "Who is this lady mage?" Myrjala spoke for herself. "Al hond ebrath, uol tath shantar en tath lalala ol hond ebrath." El looked at her. "What did ye say?" "A true friend, as the trees and the water are true friends," Myrjala translated softly, her eyes very dark.
