=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 94
characters  : elminster, farl
events      : Elminster and Farl escape thieves, kill a watcher.
location    : hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
him lay the man he'd kicked, mouth open and face white. A sick feeling rose in him, but as he scrambled to his feet, he saw the man's hand move feebly, grasping for a windowsill that wasn't there. Elminster and Farl sprinted together across the garden and scrabbled hastily up and over the wall. They dropped into the street outside and began strolling nonchalantly toward the nearest cross-street, but a heavy clothyard shaft hummed low over the wall and struck the high wooden gate of the house across from them. Farl stared up at it. "By the gods, a proper archer! Let's begone!" So it was at an undignified run that the two fetched up, puffing, behind the boarded-up shop to lose loot and gear. Then Farl smote his forehead. "Gangs!" he hissed.

"They've always someone to spare, must've set a watcher!" He turned and ran back the way they'd come, motioning to Elminster to hurry on down the alley. Elminster continued to flee, moving purposefully but not running, looking around warily from time to time. He'd gone two streets farther when Farl dropped down from a nearby rooftop, puffing, and said, "Right. .. let's dump all of this and buy some of Hannibur's hot buttered rolls! We've earned an early even-feast!" "The watcher?" Elminster asked. "I threw a blade at him an' missed by half a league-but he was so startled he fell over backward off his roof-and split his head open on the edge of a wagon, below. He'll be watching nothing, forevermore." Elminster shuddered. Farl shook his head and looked gloomy. "What'd I warn you? Gangs! There goes the high tone of Hastarl!"

Six SQUALOR AMONG THIEVES There is one sort of a city that's worse than one where thieves rule the night streets: the sort where thieves form the government, and rule night and day. Urkitbaeran of Calimport The Book of Black Tidings Year of the Shattered Skulls The best Calishite silks rarely made the long and perilous way up the pirate-infested and storm-racked coast of the Great Sea in numbers enough that Elembar, Uthtower, and Yarlith did not drink them all in-leaving some for the long, arduous pole-barge journey up the Delimbiyr. It was rarer still for the merchants who owned such barges to stop in tiny, provincial Hastarl, where homespun was the favored wear and a good sword-scabbard was more admired than an elegantly cut jerkin. It was rarer yet for the shining, ornamented purple-and-emerald Tashtan weaves from the fabled Cities of the Seabreeze farther south to accompany the silks.
