=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 173
characters  : ilhundyl, garadic
events      : Ilhundyl attempts to summon and attack a young mage, but encounters Magister instead. Ilhundyl attacks Magister, who reflects spell back at him.
location    : castle of sorcery
=== CONTENT ===
Ilhundyl stared into the crystal as the flames within it slowly grew, reaching flickering talons up its curving sides, and suddenly he was shouting. "I'll blast her bones! If she's drowned, I'll raise her-and then smash her bones like hurled eggs, and make her beg for release! No one tricks Ilhundyl! No one!" He spat a word of summoning, and halfway across the Castle of Sorcery, where he cowered in concealing shadows, the winged and warty shape of Garadic rose hastily and flapped down the swiftest ways to his master's side. Ilhundyl glared into the crystal, summoning up the young, hawk-nosed face from his memory. The fires swirled and shifted, clearing, and he gathered himself to hurl a scything blade of his will, to chop the young worm's legs off at the knees and let her scream and crawl until Ilhundyl came-and gave her real cause to scream and crawl!

But when the fires of the crystal spun into focus, the visage looking calmly back at him was not the one Ilhundyl sought. He gaped in astonishment. The wrinkled, bearded face dropped its habitual expression of mild curiosity to smile gently at him, nodded in greeting, and said, "Fair day, Ilhundyl; gained a new spellbook, I see." Ilhundyl spat at the Magister. The spittle hissed and smoked as it struck the crystal. "The pages are blank-and you know it!" The Magister smiled again, a trifle tightly. "Yes . . . but the young mage who offered it to Mystra did not. You told her not to look inside, and she obeyed you. Such honesty and trust is sadly lacking in this world today-isn't it, Ilhundyl?" The Mad Mage of the Calishar snarled and hurled a spell into his crystal.

The world inside the sphere flashed and rocked, throwing back bright reflections from Ilhundyl's cheeks, but the Magister only smiled a little more

tightly-and then the Mad Mage's spell came howling back at him, bursting out of the bobbing, chattering crystal to crash into Ilhundyl and then rage about the chamber. Garadic flapped hastily aloft to avoid the full force of the flaming points of force, only to be tumbled helplessly around the walls, scraping and squawking, by the force of their flights. "Temper, Ilhundyl, is the downfall of many a foolish young mageling," the Magister said calmly. Ilhundyl's scream of frustrated fury echoed around the chamber-and then he turned, murder in his eyes, and hurled rending fire. Garadic hadn't even time enough to finish his squawk. ***** A minstrel was singing in the dimly lit taproom of the Unicorn's Horn as the young hawk-nosed woman stepped wearily inside.
