=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 288
characters  : mithtyn, the prince, the-sorceress, helm's knight, anauviir, elminster, myrjala, undarl
events      : Mithtyn sees the prince and Myrjala vanish; Elminster and Myrjala encounter Undarl, who attacks them
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
Then the elf turned his head. Mithtyn looked in the same direction in time to see the prince and the-sorceress, if she wanted to be known so-vanishing around a corner behind the old stone of a proud house. When they were gone, Mithtyn shivered once. Then he turned back into the castle, his eyes wet with tears. He knew he'd not see anything of like importance for the rest of his days. Such knowledge is a heavy thing to bear early in the morning. Perhaps after a good dawnfry, a few hot mugs, and his wife to tell it all to. Mithtyn hoped-not for the first time-he'd live long enough for his daughter to be old enough to heed, and hear, and appreciate what he told her. He'd tell her about this morning perhaps a hundred times.

As he crossed the courtyard, one of Helm's knights approached and hesitantly told the old herald what the Lady Myrjala had said about herself while dancing the night before. Mithtyn looked into the man's eyes and discovered he did have someone to tell about it, after all. He led Anauviir toward the kitchens, feeling much better. ***** "Whither now?" Elminster asked, as Myrjala reined in where the trail crossed the shoulder of a little knoll west of the city. He looked around curiously; from Hastarl, one couldn't see this was a grave-knoll. A stone plinth stood within a low wall, overgrown with shrubs and low-branched trees that cloaked the stone from all but the closest eyes. "In all your struggle, you've gained none of the spells wielded by the magelords," Myrjala replied.

"As it befalls, I know where the mage royal kept a cache of magic-spellbooks, healing potions, and items held ready in case he was hounded from Hastarl, or ever found the city held against him. Here in this old shrine of Mystra, where no thieves come for fear of the guardian ghosts of dead mages, is his cache." "Is it guarded?" Elminster asked warily, as they dismounted amid the

trees. "Of course it is, fool mageling!" someone snarled from behind him. Elminster whirled around-in time to see the rearing body of his horse flow and twist... into the familiar shape of Undarl, mage royal of Athalantar. Myrjala's mount screamed in terror, and they heard the frantic drumming of hooves as it fled. Elminster gulped and plucked at his belt for the things he'd need to cast what paltry battle-spells he had left. Undarl's gloating grin told him he was not going to be in time. The master of the magelords raised his hand and began to murmur something, but Myrjala sprang between them, skirts swirling. The lightning that cracked forth from Undarl split before her upraised hands and splashed harmlessly off to either side. The mage royal screamed in anger. When he could find words through his fury, he snarled at her, "You! Always, it is you!
