Well, let's just see ... who speaks for ye, here?" Elminster stepped a silent pace forward. "Yes, yes, we know yer pretty boy does ... as well as anything else ye ask him to." Amid his coarse laughter, Jhardin lumbered forward a pace, eyes hard. Rhegaer leapt lightly down from his barrel, and Chaslarla wheezed forward too. Klaern looked around. "Tassabra?" The lithe figure in the deepest shadows shifted slightly and said in a low, musical voice, "Sorry, Klaern. I side with Farl, too." "Fah! Gods frown upon all of ye fools!" Klaern spat on the floor, turned, and strode grandly out, his silent brothers Korlar and Othkyn backing watchfully away to guard his going. "I thought he was thy lover," another man murmured from the shadows. "Take care, Larrin!" Tassabra's voice was testy. "That rutting boar my lover?

Nay, he was but a plaything." Jhardin looked to Farl, who nodded. The huge man walked out of the room, moving with surprising, silent lightness. Klaern might well have less time left in life than he realized. Farl stepped forward. "Are we agreed, then? Do the Velvet Hands fare forth in Hastarl from this night on?" "Aye," came the rough voice of one-eyed Tarth. "I'll follow your orders." "And I," Chaslarla said, wheezing forward, "so long as ye turn not into one of those cold-hearts who thinks himself the true ruler of his city an' sends us out to stab armsmen and magelords all the night through." There was a general rumble of agreement. Farl grinned and bowed. "We have agreement, then. As our first work together, let's get out of here with blades ready, and as I bid-in case the Moonclaws are waiting for us with

bows, or've told a patrol when and where to expect us." "Can I have first blood?" Rhegaer asked eagerly. Behind him, they heard Tassabra's low laugh. "Just be sure it's not yours," she said. The darkness covered the look he gave her... but they could all feel it. There were chuckles in the night as they went down the stairs together. ***** All Hastarl knew the noble Athalantan families Glarmeir and Trumpettower had been joined that same night in a true love-match. Peeryst Trumpettower had worn a high-plumed hat and cloth-of-gold doublet specially crafted for the occasion, with his usual bell-trimmed hose and best curl-tip shoes. Strapping on his father's lightest sword, he proudly paraded his lady to the shrines of Sune, Lathander, Helm, and Tyche before the hand- fasting was completed under the sword of Tyr.