=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 225
characters  : elminster, myrjala
events      : Elminster destroys magical threats, Myrjala guides and challenges him.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The magics fell through the air in a bright web, and Elminster stepped off the cliff to follow them. He was striding along on empty air over the castle when it began to topple. He stopped to watch, standing angrily above the dust, screams, and tumult. Something rose up out of a shattered window, with men in robes riding it. Elminster fired a bolt down to blast them. The enchanted flyer shattered amid explosive brightness; the men on it jerked like flung dolls and fell back into the ruins. They did not rise again. Stones tumbled to a halt, and the rumble of their falling slowly died. When the dust had settled, Elminster turned, face grim, and walked back through the air to join Myrjala on the heights.

Her dark eyes lifted from the ruined castle, and she asked softly, "And was that the wisest, least wasteful thing to do?" Anger glinted in Elminster's eyes. "Aye, if it'll make the next band of fools think twice about using such fell magic." "Yet some wizards'll do so anyway. Will you murder them, too?" Elminster shrugged. "If need be. Who is to stop me?" "Yourself." Myrjala looked down at the castle again. "Reminds one of Heldon, doesn't it?" she asked quietly, not looking at him. Elminster opened his mouth to refute her-and then closed his mouth again in silence, watching her step calmly off the height and walk steadily away, treading softly on the air. His gaze fell to the ruin below, and he shivered in sudden shame. Sighing, El turned from what he had wrought-and then looked helplessly down again at the castle.

He did not know any spells to put it back up again. *****

It was a warm night in early Flamerule, in the Year of the Chosen. Elminster awoke drenched with sweat, flinging himself upright to stare with wild eyes at the moon. Myrjala sat up in bed beside him, hair flowing around her shoulders, eyes dark with worry. "You were shouting," she said. Elminster reached for her, and she folded him into her arms as a mother cradles a frightened child. "I saw Athalantar," El whispered, staring into the night. "I was walking the streets of Hastarl, and there were sneering wizards wherever I looked. And when I stared at them, they fell over dead ... terror on their faces...." Myrjala held him and said calmly, "It sounds as if you're ready for Athalantar at last." Elminster turned to look at her. "And if I live through purging it of magelords-what then? This vow has driven me for so long ...
