I need these books an' other mage-stuff hidden, an' I was thinking of that cavern in the meadow above Heldon. There's loose stones enough to wall 'em in, there-ye know where ... an' ye can hunt deer and the like until summer, when I'll come looking for ye again. If armsmen sniff about, go into the High Forest an' hide there; they never dare go very far in." He scratched his chin. "Ye'll never carry the brawn to be a horse-warrior,

lad, an' I'd say ye've done better than most at learning to shoot quarrels an' swing swords an' shiver in caves as an outlaw.... P'raps the alleys and crowds of Hastarl'll do ye better as a place to hide, now-an' be closer to magelords who aren't alert for yer blood, to learn what ye can of 'em before ye decide ye must strike out." The knight turned keen eyes on the young prince. "What say?" Elminster nodded slowly. "Aye ... good plan," he murmured. Helm grinned, clapped him on the shoulder, and then caught him, as Elminster sagged over sideways into the snow, the world spinning in a sudden green and yellow haze again.... The darkness of utter exhaustion rushed up to claim him, and El felt himself swept away....

***** "Damned soft ride, these armsmen have," Helm commented briskly the next morning as they sat eating smoked beef and hard bread spread with garlic butter. Groans and satisfied belches from all around them told them that most of the long-hungry knights had gorged themselves. Snores from among empty casks betrayed how certain others had spent the dark hours. Elminster nodded. Helm looked at him sharply. "What's on yer mind, lad?" "If I never have to kill a man again, 'twill be too soon," Elminster said quietly, looking around at bloodstains in the trampled snow. The knight nodded. "I could see it in yer eyes last night." He grinned suddenly and added, "Yet ye took care of more trained and ready warriors yestereve than many men manage to slay in a long career of soldiering." Elminster waved a hand. "I'm trying to forget it." "Sorry, lad.