=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 259
characters  : helm, farl, anauviir, briost, alarashan, oran, undarl
events      : A team enters a magical castle with plans to infiltrate and navigate its tunnels. One of their targets, Magelord Alarashan, discovers an intruder in the privy who kills his apprentice.
location    : hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
We lost a lot of competitors that way." "I don't doubt it, clever-tongue," Helm said sourly, trying to keep his sword dry. Filth swirled and rolled past him as he forged ahead in the chest- high waters, wondering why it was that the elves, who could have pushed back the waters, had chosen to hide nearby, and do their cloaking from their hideaway ... which was somewhere drier. "Here's the place," Farl said, pointing up into the darkness. "There're handholds cut into this shaft, because at its top is a chamber where six glory- holes meet and things sludge up; it all has to be raked clear every spring. Now remember, Anauviir: the Magelord Briost's chambers can be reached up either of the glory-holes off to the left ... that's this hand...." "Thank you, thief," Anauviir growled.

"I do know right from left, you know." "Well, you are knights," Farl said merrily. "And if the nobles of Hastarl are anything to go by ..." "Where do the other holes up there lead to?" Anauviir interrupted. Helm grinned at his fellow knight's expression. "Two rooms used by apprentices," Farl said, "but it's morning; they'll be up preparing morningfest and baths for their masters ... and the last hole runs to a sort of reading-chamber, which should be empty. . . . Helm and I will go on to the next shaft, which leads to Magelord Alarashan's rooms; and Prince Elminster's promised to show himself if the castle is roused, to draw the magelords into attacking him-and not attacking us.... Any questions?" "Aye," one of the knights said, spitting into the water. "How do thieves ever steal anything in Hastarl?

Do they only rob deaf folk?" ***** The apprentice let out a little shriek. Alarashan frowned. He preferred willing wenches, but Undarl had forced this one idiot male youth on him . . .

doubtless a spy, and the man was hopeless at magic. When he wasn't breaking things, he was busily miscasting spells all over the place, and ... The magelord looked into the jakes. Ortran was slumped over on the seat, trousers around his ankles, and ... Alarashan stiffened. His apprentice was being thrust aside, by something- someone!-underneath. He strode forward, snatching a wand from his belt, as Ortran's body fell against the wall and the bloody blade that had slain him withdrew down the privy hole. Alarashan aimed the wand, then stopped. What was to stop someone thrusting a blade into his face, if he showed himself over the hole? No, let them emerge, and slay them as they appear. ... He crouched low, waiting. And part of the wall behind him slid smoothly aside.
