=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 29
characters  : elminster
events      : Dispute between Elminster and swordmaster over patrolling duties.
location    : Heldreth's Horn, Athalantar, Sarn Torel, Unicorn Run
=== CONTENT ===
Armsmen from Heldreth's Horn, the outermost fortress of Athalantar, had gone out to buy the favors of village lasses for as long as the keep had stood. A dozen summers back, some maids had converted an old farm into a house of pleasure and sold their guests wildflower wine besides; the outlaws had slain more than a few armsmen riding home from there drunken and alone. "Aye, 'tis best we leave the lustlorn alone for a time, an' catch 'em again in spring." ***** "What, and leave them to slay and pillage until spring? How many more warriors can you afford to lose?" The wizard's voice was cold-colder than the chill battlements where they stood, looking out over the ice-cloaked waters of the Unicorn Run. The swordmaster of Sarn Torel spread strong, hairy hands and said helplessly, "None, Lord Mage.

That's why I dare send no more-every man who rides west out of here's going to his death and knows it. They're that close to open defiance now . . . and I've the law to keep in the streets here, too. If caravan- merchants and peddlers are fool enough to go from realm to realm in the deep snows, let 'em look to their own hides, I say-and leave the bandits to freeze in the Hills without our swords to entertain 'em." The wizard's gaze then was even colder than his voice had been. The swordmaster quailed inwardly and firmly took hold of the stone merlon in front of him to keep from stepping back a pace or two and showing his fear. He dropped his own gaze to the frozen moss clinging to cracks and chips in the stone and wished he were somewhere else.

Somewhere warmer, where they'd never heard of wizards. "I do not recall the king asking for your view of your duties- though I've no doubt he'll be most interested to find how ... creatively . . . they cleave from his own," came the mage's voice, silken-soft now.

The swordmaster forced himself to turn and stare into dark eyes that glittered with malice. " 'Tis your wish then, Lord Mage," he asked, stressing the word just enough that the wizard would know that the swordmaster thought the king a wiser warrior than all his strutting magelords, and would have no such view of his swordmaster's prudence, "that I send more armsmen to patrol from the Horn?" The wizard hesitated, then as softly as before, asked, "Let me know your wish, Swordmaster. Perhaps we can come to some agreement." The swordmaster took a deep breath and held those dark, deadly eyes with his own. "Send to the Horn a cutter full of mages, apprentices even, providing that one mage of experience commands them.
