=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 209
characters  : myrjala, elmara
events      : Myrjala agrees to train Elmara in spell strategies; Elmara expresses desire to slay magelords.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
shape, and rust or master steel. But I know nothing of wise spell-strategies against a clear-headed foe, or the details of just what most wizards' spells do, or how one can best use one spell with another, or ..." Myrjala nodded. "You've learned much ... most mages never even notice they lack such skills-and if someone dares point it out to them, they lash out in anger to slay the one who revealed it to them, rather than giving thanks." She took another sip of soup and added, "Aye, I'll train you. Someone had better; there're wild wizards in plenty out roaming Faerun already. When you've come to trust me, you might tell me why you want to slay all the magelords in this land." Elmara's thoughts raced. "Ah," she began, "I..." Myrjala held up a restraining hand. "Later," she said with a smile.

"When you're ready." She made a face, and added, "And when you've learned just how much salt to put into soup." They laughed together then, for the first time.

Fourteen NO GREATER FOOL Know this, mageling, and know it well: there is no greater fool than a wizard. The greater the mage, the greater the fool, because we who work magic live in a world of dreams, and chase dreams . . . and in the end, dreams undo us. Khelben "Blackstaff" Arunsun Words To Would-Be Apprentices Year of the Sword and Stars Fire was born, swirling into furious life where the air had been empty moments before. Swiftly it grew in two places in the huge cavern, until Elmara's intent face was lit by two huge spheres of flame. A double-throated roar began, rising in tone and fury as the spinning spheres grew larger. El stared from one whirling conflagration to the other, sweat running down her face like water over rocks and dripping steadily from her chin. Across the chamber, Myrjala stood unmoving, watching expressionlessly.

The twin fireballs grew even larger, seeming to pluck flames from the air as they rolled over and over. "Now!" El whispered, more to herself than to her teacher, and brought her trembling arms together. Obediently the two huge spheres of flame moved, pinwheeling across the cavern toward each other. Elmara took one careful pace backward without looking away from the flames, and then another. It was as well to be far away when the two fiery spheres-touched! There was a blinding flash of light, as tortured tongues of flame leapt wildly out in all directions; the cavern rocked with the force of the mighty blast. Heat rolled over Elmara, and the force of the explosion smashed into her, plucked her from her feet and hurled her spinning back into-nothing. The fury of the blast roared past her, and slowly died away.
