=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 284
characters  : helm, mithtyn, elminster, myrjala
events      : Helm crowned as King of Athalantar; Elminster shows emotion upon seeing Helm's coronation
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
If you're of like mind, I'll work a spell that forces all cold iron out of this hall, so that none need fear weapons-even arrows-here tonight, and we can all make merry!" Helm stared at her. Then he suddenly threw back his head and shouted with laughter. "Of course," he roared," 'tis the least I can do!" Mithtyn was pushing through the crowd toward them, leading a young, trembling page, who bore the crown of Athalantar on a cushion. Elminster smiled, took up the circlet with a bow, and placed it on Helm's head. Then he cried, "Kneel, folk of Athalantar, before Helm Stoneblade, Lord of Athalantar, King of the Stag Throne!" There was a thunder of movement as everyone in the hall-except Elminster and Myrjala-knelt. Helm bowed his head, grinned at the two of them in thanks, and clapped his hands. "Rise, all!" he roared.

"Bring food and wine and tables! Call out the minstrels from all over this city, and let us make merry!" His men threw down their swords and roared back their approval, and the great chamber was suddenly full of happy, shouting people. They wavered in Elminster's sight. . . and he found his face was wet with tears again. "Mother . . . Father ..." he whispered, unheard in the tumult, "I have done the right thing." Myrjala's arms were suddenly around him, warm and comforting, and he leaned his face into her bosom and wept. It is a glorious thing to be free at

last. ***** More food had vanished than Helm had thought possible. He grinned around at snoring folk sprawled on the benches ... and his smile broadened as he looked down the carpet to where most of his men were dancing, whirling flush-faced lasses of Hastarl around the floor as weary minstrels played on and on. Among them, the dark-eyed sorceress who'd accompanied Elminster was treading the measures, dancing with first one of his men and then another. She still looked as fresh and as serene as if she were a queen newly arrived from her chambers of a morning. There on the floor, as they whirled and stepped to the music, a stubbled and dirty warrior bowed over Myrjala's hand and turned her through the intricate steps of the sarad.
