=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 250
characters  : malanthor, ithboltar, chantlarn, tassabra, elminster
events      : Mages discuss war threats; Elminster teleports with Tassabra
location    : hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
Pride usually precedes disaster, especially for mages." "And old men start to see things, until the shadows of their dreams seem more real than what is truly around them," Malanthor replied cuttingly, "if we're trading platitudes." Ithboltar shrugged. "Just be sure to prepare yourself with spells, wands, and the like as if for battle against mage-foes, in the days ahead." "Athalantar under attack again?" Chantlarn's tone was breezy as he strode into the room. "Armies at our gates and all that?" "I fear so," Malanthor said, putting a hand to his brow and affecting the broken tones of a hysterical matron. "I fear so." "And I do too," Chantlarn said heartily. "How does the morning find you, Ithboltar?" "Surrounded by idiots," the old wizard said sourly, and turned back to the spellbook on the table in front of him. The two younger magelords exchanged amused glances.

*   *   *   *   * "How do I look?" Tassabra asked, lifting her arms and twirling. Small brass bells chimed here and there on the web of leather straps that displayed,

rather than clothed, her body. Strips of ruby-hued silk proclaimed her trade to any eye; even her thigh-high boots were trimmed with red. Elminster licked his lips. "I should never have gone away," he said sadly, and she laughed delightedly. El rolled his eyes and settled her ruby-red cloak around her shoulders. As he'd suspected, it was pierced by many daring cutouts, and trimmed with lace. Tass strutted, bare knees peeking through the cloak as she approached him. "Ye're supposed to look as if ye can't make enough coins in Hastarl, and have to go to the traders' camp," El protested, "not bring the whole city to a tongue-dangling halt!" Tass pouted. "This was supposed to be fun, remember?" El sighed and took her in his arms. Her eyes widened, and then she reached up her head eagerly and kissed him.

Their lips were about to touch when he whispered the word that whirled them away from the dim room to behind a pile of barrels in the garbage-strewn alley along the walls. Tass clung to him, wrinkled her nose, and then teased, "I've never been kissed like that before!" "Let it be a first, Lady," El said with a bow, as his form faded from view. "My likeness of Helm-'tis still clear in your mind?" Tass nodded. "Vivid ... a wonderful spell, that." "Nay, lass; it takes years to learn magic enough to cast it- and the teleport, too. Tyche smile upon ye ... try not to get yourself killed or half-crushed under the rush of amorous men before ye find Helm and his knights." Tass made a very rude gesture in his direction, and then strutted off through the gathering dusk.
