=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 7
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster compelled by a wizard's magic to run off a cliff
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
The faint blue glow of magic- something Father had said only Elminster could see, and must never speak of-clung to the pendant, the rings, the robes, and the markings on the man's breast, as well as to what looked like the ends of smoothed wooden sticks, protruding from high slits on the outside of the man's boots. That rare glow rippled more brightly around the man's outstretched arm .. . but Elminster didn't need any other secret sign to know that this was a wizard. "What is the name of the village below?" The question was cold, quick. "Heldon." The name left Elminster's lips before he could think. He felt spittle flooding his mouth, and with it a hint of blood. "Is its lord there now?" Elminster struggled, but found himself saying, "A-Aye." The wizard's eyes narrowed. "Name him." He raised his hand, and the blue glow flared brighter.

Elminster felt a sudden eagerness to tell this rude stranger everything- everything. Cold fear coiled inside him. "Elthryn, Lord." He felt his lips trembling. "Describe him." "He's tall, Lord, and slim. He smiles often, and always has a kind w-" "What hue is his hair?" the wizard snapped. "B-Brown, Lord, with gray at the sides and in his beard. He's-" The wizard made a sharp gesture, and Elminster felt his limbs moving by

themselves. He tried to fight against them, whimpering, but already he was wheeling about and running. He pounded hard through the grass, helpless against the driving magic, stumbling in haste, charging down the grassy slope to where the meadow ended-in a sheer drop into the ravine. As he churned along through the weeds and tall grass, El clung to a small victory; at least he'd not told the wizard that Elthryn was his father. Small victory, indeed. The cliff-edge seemed to leap at him; the wind of his breathless run roared past his ears. The rolling countryside of Athalantar, below, looked beautiful in the mists. Headlong, Elminster rushed over the edge-and felt the terrible trembling compulsion leave him. As the rocks rushed up to meet him, he struggled against fear and fury, trying to save his life. Sometimes, he could move things with his mind.
