a touch, just so-a wiggle to be sure it was caught... and now so was he (This had to work, or he'd be left with a stick twice as long as a man stuck to the breast of a naked woman who'd not stay asleep for very long). . . and a little lift, up and back, so. Don't brush her nose with it, now . . . with infinite care and patience El brought the reachers back out of the window. When he dropped the jewels into the bag and jerked the rope for Farl to

pull him up, he felt that the spider was still warm from her breathing. Elminster smelled the musky scent clinging to it, sighed soundlessly, and wondered fleetingly what women were like.... ***** "With those, we can live like idle rich blades for five tendays, at least," Farl said, eyes shining in the dim light of their hovel hideaway. "Aye," Elminster said, "and get noticed in three evenings. Just who d'ye think we think we can sell that spider to in this city? We'll have to wait for a discreet merchant-who's got something to hide an' knows we know it-leaving the city, and sell it to him then. Nay; we sell the ring with the emerald this night, before word gets out; no marks there to say it's hers for certain.

Then we lie low-back to hanging around the Black Boots waiting for hire as dockhands and errand-runners." Farl stared at him for a moment, mouth open to protest, but then closed it in a smile and nodded. "You've the right of it as usual, Eladar. You've the cunning of an alley cat, to be sure." Elminster shrugged. "I'm still alive, if that's what ye mean. Let's go discover some place that serves drink to young blades with dry throats and loose purses." Farl laughed, slid the bag back into the hollow stone block, clambered up the ragged stones of the crumbling chimney, and shoved the block the full length of his arm back into the dark, hollow space between floor and ceiling. Withdrawing his arm from the splinter-edged hole, he replaced the dead, dangling, half-eaten rat they used to deter searchers, and slid back down the chimney to the floor.