=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 47
characters  : elminster, helm
events      : First meeting between Elminster and Helm; discussion on journey methods and Athalantar's struggle against magelords.
location    : Woodsedge Inn
=== CONTENT ===
Feeling up to the trip afoot, or would ye rather ride? The one's easier-as long as ye can find hay enough for the horse, an' they eat like proper pigs, mind. But they'll draw eyes yer way in a hurry, especially when ye cross the Run in Upshyn. Try to do that with a few wagons an' look like ye're part of the group, howe'er ye go. If anyone sees the spellbooks and scrolls ye're carrying, 'twill mean yer death." The knight scratched at his beard and went on. "The other way, though, is slow and hard, even if ye can keep warm-an' mind; to get feet wet is death in this weather...." "I'll walk," Elminster said. "I'll take a bow and as much food as I can stagger along with, as well... no armor, so long as I can get good gloves and a better scabbard." Helm grinned.

"A legion of dead armsmen will graciously provide." Elminster could not manage to return the grin. He'd killed more than a few of them, men who should be riding proudly for Athalantar right now-free from the orders of wizards. It all came back to the magelords.

"They are the ones who have to die," he whispered to himself, "for Athalantar to live." Helm nodded. "Nice phrase, that: 'They must die, for Athalantar to live!' A good battle-cry; think I'll use it." Elminster smiled. "Just be sure the folk hearing it know who the 'they' is." Helm gave back a twisted smile. "That's a problem many have had, down the years." *   *   *   *   * The fox that had followed him for the last few miles took a final look at Elminster, its dark eyes glistening, and then scampered away through frozen ferns. El listened to its retreat, wondering if the fox were a magelord spy, but somehow knowing it was not. When the creature was long gone, he moved on as quietly as he could through the trees, around the back of the inn paddock.

Seek the feed hatch by the haystack, Helm had said, and there was the hay, against the back wall of the stables. The structure kept out most of the snow by means of a long sagging roof on pillars that had only a nodding acquaintance with the word "straight." Just as Helm had described it: the back way into Woodsedge Inn. Elminster moved closer, hoping there were no dogs awake to sound an alarm. None yet. Elminster silently thanked the gods as he crept over the low gate on the inn side of the paddock, slipped around the haystack, and found the hatch. Only its own weight held it shut; he didn't even have to put down his sword to open it and climb in. When he'd drawn the hatch closed behind him, the stable was very still, and warmer than the night outside.
