=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 231
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster agrees to destroy Taraj
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
only to find ourselves beset by all the angry wizards after you've fought one or two-and then fallen." "I destroyed the archmage who ruled the Calishar not so very long ago," El said calmly. "We've heard several tales as to how he met his end-even the magelords have claimed to have worked his destruction, though they say several of them had to work together to do it," said another elf. "With respect, we must see your powers for ourselves." El did not sigh. "What sort of a test d'ye have in mind?" "Slay a magelord for us," another elf said firmly, and there was a murmured chorus of agreement. "Any magelord?" "One-Taraj, he's called-keeps watch over our forest and amuses himself by taking beast-shape to hunt. He slays for the love of killing, and mauls not

only his prey, but any creatures of the forest he meets. He seems to have some protection against our spells and arrows. If you could destroy Taraj, most of the People would feel beholden to you . . . and you'd gain more aid than the bows and veiling spells of a handful of foresworn." "Take me to where Taraj hunts, and I will destroy him," El-minster promised. "What does he like to hunt?" "Men," Braer replied quietly, as he set off down the slope into the forest. Without ceremony the other elves followed. Elminster rolled his eyes once, but kept pace among them, feeling a strange exultation rising in him. The familiar weight of the Lion Sword bumped against his chest, and El's fingers sought it and gripped it almost fiercely. At last-at long last-the scouring of Athalantar had begun....

***** "Release him," the magelord ordered, swirling the dregs of the wine in the depths of his goblet. "Sir," the servant said with a bow and hurried away. Taraj watched him go and smiled. He was the magelord who'd come the farthest to rule in this splendid land of forests and grass-girt hills . . . lovely hunting country. If only Murghom had been like this, he'd never have to endure these accursed winters. He went to the window to watch the terrified peddler from far Luthkant flee across the courtyard into the brush beyond. Sometimes he hunted his prisoners as if they were stags, felling them with lances hurled from horseback. He scorned armor, but always rode shielded with warding spells. Today though, he felt like a beast run. He'd take the shape of a lion, perhaps, or ... yes, a forest cat! 'Panther,' they were called back home.
