=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 115
characters  : elminster
events      : First meeting between Elminster and Mystra; Mystra gifts Elminster with powerful scepter.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Elminster Aumar, prince of Athalantar." Elminster took a pace back, shocked. No, he'd never seen this great lady before-or anyone so beautiful. He swallowed. "Who are ye?" "One who has been watching you for years, hoping to see great things," came the reply. Elminster swallowed again. The lady's eyes held dark depths of mystery, and her voice had a musical lilt. She smiled and raised an empty hand-and suddenly, she held a metal scepter. Lights pulsed and winked down its length. Elminster had never seen anything of the like before, but it blazed with blue mage-fire in his gaze, and its very look shouted that it held power. "With this," the lady said quietly, "you can destroy all your foes here at once.

Merely will it and speak the word graven on the grip." She released the scepter, which rose a little and then drifted smoothly through the air toward Elminster. He watched it come, eyes narrow, then snatched it out of the air. Silent power shuddered in his grasp. Elminster felt it crackle and roil around in him, and his face brightened. He raised it, turning to face the motionless armsmen, feeling a fierce exultation rising in him. The lady watched him. He stood still for a long moment, then carefully bent and set the scepter down on the stone floor at his feet. "Nay," he said, lifting his eyes to meet hers, " 'twould not be right, to use magic against men who are helpless. That's just what I'm fighting against, Lady." "Oh?" She raised her head to stare at him in sudden challenge. "Are you afraid of it?" Elminster shrugged.

"A little." He watched her steadily. "More afraid of what I'd do wrongly. Thy scepter burns with power; such magic could do much ill if used carelessly. I'd rather not see the Realms laid waste by mine own hand." He shook his head. "Wielding a little power can be ... pleasure. No one should have too much." "What is 'too much'?" "For me, Lady, anything. I hate magic. A mage slew my parents, on a whim, it seems, or for an afternoon's entertainment. He destroyed a village in less time than it takes me to tell ye what befell. No man should be able to do that." "Is magic, then, evil?" "Yes," Elminster snapped, then looked upon her beauty and said, "or perhaps not-but its power twists men to indulge evil." "Ah," she replied. "Is a sword evil?" "Nay, Lady-but dangerous. Not all folk should have them to hand."
