=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 51
characters  : elminster, broarn
events      : First meeting between Elminster and Broarn; Broarn shares strategies for hiding from or confronting magelords.
location    : calimshar
=== CONTENT ===
An archmage- that's a wizard stronger by far than these magelords-" Broarn paused to spit thoughtfully on the dead wizard at his feet"-set himself up there and now rules most of it. The Calishar, it used to be called; I know not if he's renamed it, as he seems bent on changing all else. The Mad Mage, they call him, because he chases his whims so fiercely, and doesn't care about what he destroys in the doing; Ilhundyl's his name. Since he claimed the land, all the folk as didn't want to be turned into frogs and falcons have moved on-north, most of them." Elminster sighed. "It sounds as if there's nowhere in all the world at peace from mages." Broarn smiled. "It feels that way, my lord, it does. If you must hide from the magelords, go up the Unicorn Run, deep into the High Forest.

They fear the Fair Folk will rise against them there, and they're right on that. . . the elves fear to lose more land to the axes of Athalantar and will fight for every tree. If you need to hide only from armsmen, Wyrm Wood right behind us here will do-they fear dragons. The mages know better; they slew the last dragon hereabout-and took its hoard-some twenty winters gone, but can't get us simple folk to believe that."

Elminster smiled. "And if I want to stand and fight? How can I best a wizard?" Broarn spread his large and hairy hands. "Learn-or hire- stronger magic." El shook his head. "How would ye trust anyone stronger in magic than magelords? What's to stop them from just taking the throne themselves after they've slain these wizards?" The innkeeper nodded and gave Elminster a nod of approval. "A point, aye. Well, the other way is much slower and less sure." Elminster leaned forward on the stool, and swept his hand up in a beckoning wave. "So tell." "Work from within, as a rat gnaws away in the pantry." "How does a man become a rat?" "Steal. Be a thief in the back streets and the low taverns and the markets of Hastarl, close to the wizards' backsides, and wait and watch and learn.
