=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 130
characters  : elmara, braer
events      : Elmara serves Mystra, becomes female; Braer shares thoughts on learning.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
I know what you hope to do-and it would be mere prudence to aid one dedicated to fighting our most powerful and nearest foes, the magelords. Your character- especially your strength in setting aside your hatred of magic long enough to agree to serve the Lady and in clinging to sanity and dignity when she made you a woman without warning-have made my task more than a duty and prudence; you have made it a pleasure." Elmara swallowed, feeling fresh tears well up and run down her cheeks. "Ye-ye are the kindest and most patient person I've ever known," she whispered. "Please forgive me, for my tears earlier." Braer patted her hand. "The fault was mine.

To answer the question that has just occurred to you: Mystra made you a maid both to hide you from the magelords and to make you able to feel the link between magic, the land, and life; women are able to feel it better than men. In the days ahead, I can show you how to feel and work with that link." "Ye can read my thoughts?" Elmara cried, drawing back from him sharply. "Then why, by all the gods, didn't ye just tell me what I needed to know?" Braer shook his head. "I can only read thoughts when they're charged with strong emotion, and when I'm very close by. More than that: few folk can truly learn by having every idle thought answered in an instant. They don't

bother to think about or remember anything, but merely come to rely on the one answering them for all wisdom and direction." Elmara frowned, nodding very slowly. "Aye," she said softly. "Ye're right." Braer nodded. "I know. It's the curse of my race." Elmara looked at him for a moment, and then whooped with laughter. After a few helpless breaths of mirth, she broke off at a sound she'd never heard before: a deep, dry sound . . . Baerithryn of the People was chuckling. ***** Dawn was stealing through the trees when Braer said, "Too tired to go on?" Elmara was stiff with sitting and swayed with weariness, but she whispered fiercely, "No! I have to know!
