=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 111
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster sneaks into Mystra's temple, discovers it's empty and traps him
location    : temple of mystra
=== CONTENT ===
the words "I Am the One True Spell." Elminster shook his head, sighed, and began the climb down from the rooftop. Revenge, it seemed, was a demanding business. He could see no spells on the lock, and it surrendered easily to his metal probes; Farl had taught him well. Elminster looked up and down the silent street one last time, and then eased the door open, stood for a few breaths in its shadow to let his eyes adjust to the darkness, and slipped inside, dagger ready. Dust and empty darkness. Elminster peered in all directions, but there didn't seem to be any furnishings in the temple of Mystra, only stone pillars. Cautiously he stepped sideways until he was well away from the door-traps were usually right in front of doors-and stepped forward. Something was not right about this place.

Oh, aye, he'd expected to feel watched, his skin creeping with the singing tension of slumbering spells waiting all around him . . . and that was here, all right. There was something else, though, som- Of course: a place this big and empty should echo back the sounds he made. Yet there were no echoes. Elminster opened a belt pouch, took one of the dried peas every thief carries to scatter and make pursuers trip, and cast it ahead of him into the darkness. He did not hear it land. El swallowed and took a cautious step forward. He was in an entry hall, separated from a great open chamber beyond by a row of massive, smooth-curved stone pillars . . . featureless cylinders, as far as he could tell. Nothing moved in the thick blankets of dust over the floor.

El cast a last look back at the door he'd drawn closed, and then walked into the darkness. The great chamber was circular and reached up high overhead to unseen heights-it must go clear to the roof Elminster had looked at outside. There was a circular stone altar in the center of the room and balconies-three tiers of them-curving all around the vast open space. The chamber was dark, empty, and silent. And that was it. Nothing here to desecrate. No acolytes. The door behind him suddenly clattered open, and as men with torches came in, Elminster ran toward the back of the temple, seeking pillars to hide behind. Many men; armsmen, at least two patrols, with spears in their hands. "Spread out," said a cold voice, "and search.

No one dares enter a temple of Mystra just on a lark." The speaker strode forward, lifted a hand, and sketched some sort of salute or respectful gesture toward the altar. Then he said calmly, "We shall have light," and at his words, though he cast no spell, the very stones around
