though he looked only at her, he was aware of everyone in the room. "The matters you so idly speak of are not fancies, but sorcery." The lord mage strutted grandly forward and said sharply, "Magic interests everyone with its power-but it is, and rightly, an art of secrets-secrets to be learned only by those fit to know them. If you are wise, you will cease your talk of sorcery at once." At the end of his words, the room was very still, and into that silence, Elmara said quietly, "I was told to speak of magic, wherever I go." "Oh? By whom?" "A priestess of Mystra." "And why," Lord Mage Dunsteen asked with silken derision, "would a priestess of Mystra waste three words on you?" Color rose in Elmara's cheeks, but she answered as quietly as before, "She was expecting me." "Oh?

Who sent you out into Faerun to seek priestesses of the Holy Lady of Mysteries?" "Mystra," Elmara said quietly. "Oh, Mystra. Of course." The wizard scoffed openly. "I suppose she talked to you." "She did." "Oh? Then what did she look like?" "Like eyes floating in flame, and then as a tall woman; dark robed and dark eyed." Lord Mage Dunsteen addressed the ceiling. "Faerun is home to many mad folk, some so lost in their wits, I've heard, that they can delude even themselves." Elmara set down her tankard. "Ye've used many proud, provoking words, Lord Mage, and they tell me ye think thyself a wizard of some ... local importance." The wizard stiffened, eyes flashing. Elmara held up a staying hand. "I've heard many times in my life that wizards are seekers after truth.

Well, then, so important a wizard as thyself should have spells enough to determine if I speak truly." She sat back in her chair and added, "Ye bade me speak no more of magic. Well, then, I bid ye: use thy spells to see my truth, and stay thy own talk of madness and wild lies." The lord mage shrugged. "I'll not waste spells on a madwoman." Elmara shrugged in turn, turned away, and said, "As I was saying, the last the king ever saw of his Royal Wizards, their lightnings were chaining a dragon they'd summoned, and it was spitting fire at them...."