=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 255
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Myrjala saves Elminster using powerful magic causing him to fall into a deep sleep.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The woman still stood in the doorway, eyes alight in fury and grief. The magic had done nothing to her! Chantlarn gulped and triggered the wand again. She reached right through its blaze to touch him. Chantlarn had time for one strangled cry before his hurtling body crashed out through the balcony window. He was still high above the castle courtyard when he thrust the wand into his own mouth, thrashing and struggling as he fought the terrible compulsion, and triggered it again. The bloody explosion set the wand into a wild discharge. Its bolts burst in all directions, hurling flaming spell forces at the castle wall, and scattering a terrified patrol of armsmen. The apprentice screamed again. Myrjala looked up at her tear-streaked face once, and then turned back to Elminster again, murmuring an incantation.

A blue-white glow rose around her hands and flowed out to envelop Elminster's twisted form. She gestured, and he rose into the air, lying limply as if on a bed. The blue-white glow brightened. Nanatha backed away, moaning in fear. Myrjala turned again to face her .

. . and smiled. The dumbfounded apprentice watched her features swim and flow, reshaping themselves into-the mage royal! Undarl Dragonrider sneered at her, dropped his cold gaze down her nakedness and then up again, and then waved a mocking salute. The light flared until it blinded her ... and when she could see again, they were gone. There was a pattering sound from across the room. Nanatha looked there in time to see Malanthor's bones collapse and topple down into the ashes. It seemed like a good time to faint- so she did. *   *   *   *   * "You'll be all right, my love," Myrjala said softly. El tried to nod ... but seemed to be floating back from somewhere far away, on a succession of gently rolling waves that left him powerless to move. "Lie still," Myrjala said, laying a hand on his brow. Her fingers were cool... .

Elminster smiled and relaxed. "Did ye ... clean my boots?" he managed to ask. She exploded with laughter, mirth that ended in a sob that betrayed just how worried she'd been. "Aye," she said, voice steady again, "and more than that. I took the semblance of the mage royal and let Malanthor's apprentice see me. She thinks the whole thing's his work." "One magelord against another," El murmured, satisfied. "I hear ye...." A moment later, it was obvious he didn't. Sleep had claimed him, a deep, healing sleep that left him oblivious when Myrjala burst into tears and embraced him. "I almost lost thee," she sobbed, her tears falling onto his face. "Oh, El, what would I have done then? Oh, why couldn't your vengeance have been something lesser?"
