=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 251
characters  : elminster, tass, helm stoneblade, farl
events      : Elminster and Tass meet Helm Stoneblade; Farl shares information with Elminster
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Elminster watched her go and then shook his head. He hoped he'd not be looking at her again sometime soon-and seeing a contorted corpse. He sighed and turned away. There was much else to do tonight. ***** Tass absently slapped aside another groping hand and snapped, "Coins first, great lord." A rueful chuckle answered her. "Three silver, sister?" "Your sister is all you'll get for three silver," Tass agreed pleasantly, moving on. This way and that she peered in the gathering shadows, seeking the face Elminster had left hanging in her mind. He wasn't a noble-looking man, this Helm Stoneblade. "Swords from Sarthryn, Lady?" a voice whined at her. She looked scathingly in that direction. "What would I want with a sword, man?"

"To go with your tongue, lass?" another voice rumbled in quiet amusement. Tass turned to glare across a campfire at its owner-and stopped dead. This was the man. She looked quickly around at the ill-garbed men oiling and sharpening blades. Of course ... what better way to account for many weapons, without warriors boldly bearing them? "It's you I've come for," she said calmly, striding toward Helm. The battered old warrior looked her up and down-and the blade in his lap swept up like a striking snake to touch her breast. Tass came to a sudden halt, swallowing. She'd never seen a sword wielded so fast-and the steel was very cold and firm against her flesh. "Stand back," its owner ordered, "and tell me who you are, an' who sent you." Tass stepped smoothly back and parted her cloak to put her hands on her hips.

One of the men craned his head for a good look at what she was displaying, but Helm's eyes were fixed on her hands, and his blade was raised and ready. "I speak for Elminster ... or for Farl," Tass told him calmly. The blade flashed in the firelight as it dipped smoothly away. "Well," Helm rumbled, taking up a tankard and offering it to her, "why don't you decide which one, an' we'll talk?" ***** "The mage royal is elsewhere," Farl whispered, face glistening with sweat. "Or I'd never have kept my life." He was trembling. "Easy," Elminster said. "Ye did, that's the important thing." "For now," Farl hissed back. "Who knows if that mage left spells that capture my looks, for him to view later-and come after me?" The elf beside them shook his head in silence. Elminster indicated the silent elven mage with a nod.
