=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 15
characters  : elminster, helm
events      : Elminster retrieves Lion Sword from Helm
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
peace-an' doubtless ye'd still have a home, an' thy folks an' neighbors'd be alive!" The old gray eyes burned with an anger equal to Elminster's own. El swallowed but looked steadily into them. "If ye're a true knight," he said, "then let go." Warily, with a little push that left them both apart, the man did so. "Right, then, boy-why?" Elminster dragged out the sword hilt again and held it up. "Recognize ye this?" he said, voice wavering. Helm squinted at it, shook his head-and then froze. "The Lion Sword," he said roughly. "It should be in Uthgrael's tomb. How came you by it, boy?" He held out his hand for it. Elminster shook his head and thrust the ruined stub of blade back into his jerkin. " 'Tis mine-it was my father's, and ..." he fought down a tightness of unshed tears in his throat, and went on "...

and I think he died wielding it, yestereve." He and Helm stared into each other's eyes for a long moment, and then El asked curiously, "Who's this Uthgrael? Why would he be buried with my father's sword?" Helm was staring at him as if he had three heads, and a crown on each one. "I'll answer that, lad, if ye'll tell me thy father's name first." He leaned forward, eyes suddenly dark and intent. Elminster drew himself up proudly and said, "My father is- was-Elthryn Aumar. Everyone called him the uncrowned lord of Heldon." Helm let out his breath in a ragged gasp. "Don't-don't tell anyone that, lad," he said quickly. "D'ye hear?" "Why?" Elminster said, eyes narrowing.

"I know my father was someone important, and he-" His voice broke, but he snarled at his own weakness and went on "-he was killed by a wizard with two wands, who rode on the back of a dragon. A dark red dragon." His eyes became bleak. "I shall never forget what they look like." He drew out what was left of the Lion Sword again, made a thrusting motion with it, and added fiercely, "One day ..." He was startled to see the dirty knight grin-not a sneering grin, but a smile of delight. "What?" El demanded, suddenly embarrassed. He thrust the blade out of sight again. "What amuses ye so?" "Lad, lad," the man said gently, "sit down here." He sheathed his own sword and pointed at a rock not far away.

Elminster eyed him warily, and the man sighed, sat down himself, and unclipped a stoppered trail-flask of chased metal from his belt. He held it out. "Will ye drink?"
