=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 9
characters  : elminster
events      : Elthryn Aumar discovers his burning cottage
location    : Heldon
=== CONTENT ===
A terrible fear was rising inside him, almost choking him. At last he reached the grassy edge of the meadow, rolled onto it, gasping, and looked down on Heldon. Then Elminster found he still had breath enough to scream. ****** A woman shrieked outside. A moment later, the incessant din of hammering from the smithy came to a sudden, ragged stop. Frowning, Elthryn Aumar rose from the farm tallies in haste, scattering clay tiles. He sighed at his own clumsiness as he snatched his blade down from the wall and strode out into the street, tearing the steel free of the scabbard as he went. Tallies that wouldn't balance all morning, and now this ... what was it now? The Lion Sword, oldest treasure of Athalantar, shone its proud flame as he came out into the sunlight.

Strong magics slumbered in the old blade, and as always, it felt solid in Elthryn's hand, hungry for blood. It flashed as he looked quickly about. Folk were shrieking and running wildly south down the street, faces white in sheer terror. Elthryn had to duck out of the way of a woman so fat that he was astonished she could run at all-one of Tesla's seamstresses-and turned to look north at the dark bulk of the High Forest. The street was full of his neighbors, running south down the road, past him. Some were weeping as they came. A haze-smoke-was in the air whence they'd come. Brigands? Orcs? Something out of the woods? He ran up the road, the enchanted blade that was his proudest possession naked in his hand. The sharp reek of burning came to him.

A sick fear was already rising in his throat when he rounded the butcher's shop and behind it found the fire. His own cottage was an inferno of leaping flame. Perhaps she'd been out-

but no ... no ... "Amrythale," he whispered. Sudden tears blinded him, and he wiped at them with his sleeve. Somewhere in all that roaring were her bones. He knew some folk had whispered that a common forester's lass must have used witchery to find a bridal bed with one of the most respected princes of Athalantar-but Elthryn had loved her. And she him. He gazed in horror at her pyre, and in his memory saw her smiling face. As the tears rolled down his cheeks, the prince felt a black rage build inside him. "Who has done this thing?" he roared. His shout echoed back from the now-empty shops and houses of Heldon, but was answered only by crackling flames . . .
