And there was a man on its back! "Dragon at the gate," Elminster whispered the oath unthinkingly, as that gigantic head tilted a little, and he found himself gazing full into the old, wise, and cruel eyes of the great wyrm. Deep they were, and unblinking; pools of dark evil into which he plunged, sinking, sinking.... The dragon's claws bit deeply into the rock pile with a shriek of riven stone and a spray of sparks. It reared up twice as high as the tallest tower in the village, and those great wings flapped once. In their deafening thunderclap Elminster was flung helplessly back and away, head over heels down the slope as sheep tumbled and bleated their terror around him. He landed hard, rolling painfully on one shoulder.

He should run, should- "Swords!" He spat the strongest oath he knew as he felt his frantic run being dragged to a halt by something unseen. A trembling, quivering boiling arose in his veins-magic! He felt himself turning, being pulled slowly around to face the dragon. Elminster had always hoped to see magic at work up

close, but instead of the wild excitement he'd expected, El found he didn't like the feel of magic at all. Anger and fear awoke in him as his head was forced up. No, did not like it at all. The dragon had folded its wings, and now sat atop the rock pile like a vulture-a vulture as tall as a keep, with a long tail that curled half around the western slope of the meadow. Elminster gulped; his mouth was suddenly dry. The man had dismounted and stood on a sloping rock beside the dragon, an imperious hand raised to point at Elminster. Elminster felt his gaze dragged-that horrible, helpless feeling in his body again, the cruel control of another's will moving his own limbs-to meet the man's eyes. Looking into the eyes of the dragon had been terrible but somehow splendid. This was worse.

These eyes were cold and promised pain and death . . . perhaps more. El tasted the cold tang of rising fear. There was cruel amusement in the man's almond eyes. El forced himself to look a little down and aside, and saw the dusky skin around those deadly eyes, and coppery curls, and a winking pendant on the man's hairless breast. Under it were markings on the man's skin, half-hidden by his robe of darkest green. He wore rings, too, of gold and some shining blue metal, and soft boots finer than any El had ever seen.