As he fell, his knife met the quarrel with a clang and a spark. The dagger spun wildly away, and the quarrel burned past Elminster, ripping open his chin and thrusting his head around. El roared in pain and fell on his knees, hearing the crunching of the armsman's boots behind him as the warrior came running. Elminster turned, shaking his head to clear it and growling at the pain. The man was scant paces away, sword raised to slay, when El flung the dagger in his other hand into the man's face. It clanged harmlessly off the nose guard of the armsman's helm, but the man's swing missed the diving youth, the sword striking the snowy ground and the rocks beneath. The warrior roared and fell heavily on top of Elminster's left hand. Elminster screamed. Gods, the pain!

The man rolled about atop his hand, kicking at the snow to get a grip with his boots. Elminster sobbed, and the world turned green and yellow and swam fuzzily. He grabbed at his belt with his free hand. Nothing there. The man grunted; Elminster felt the hot breath of the armsman turning to face him and bring his blade down. His weight drove the hidden bulk of the Lion Sword, on its thong, bruisingly into Elminster's chest. Desperate, Elminster tore at the throat of his jerkin. His fingers found the hilt of the sword. Over long nights in his first winter in the hills, he'd sharpened the broken stub of the blade until it had a keen, raw edge and point-but beyond the quillons, the weapon wasn't even as long as his hand. Its puny length saved him now.

As the armsman's face glared into his, inches away, and his elbow swept his sword up for a gutting thrust, Elminster thrust the Lion Sword up and into his eye. "For Elthryn, prince of Athalantar!" he hissed-and as the hot rush of blood

drenched him, found himself sinking into red, wet darkness.... ***** He was floating somewhere dark and still. Whispers rose and fell around him, half-heard through a slow, rhythmic thudding. . .. Elminster felt the pain of his hand and an answering ache all around. In his head? Yes, and the white glow was rising and pulsing, now-the one he saw when he gathered his mind. The glow grew, and the pain lessened. Ah, thus! Elminster pushed with his mind, and the white radiance faded. He felt a little tired, but the pain receded ... he pushed again, and again felt weaker, but now the pain was almost gone. So. He could push pain aside. Could he truly heal himself? Elminster bent his will... and suddenly all his aches and hurts returned, and he could feel cold, hard ground beneath his shoulders, and the wet stickiness of sweat all over.