=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 183
characters  : elminster, eth
events      : Mystra sends Elmara to avenge apprentices' deaths, knights ride to Narthil
location    : Narthil
=== CONTENT ===
Some mad traveling wizard's had the temerity to slay all of Seldinor's apprentices at an inn west of Narthil-and he's 'too busy' to avenge them. So I'm going to reap the idiot's head for the greater glory of the magelords!" ***** The hand that shook Elmara was soft but insistent. She came awake in the best bed in Myrkiel's Rest and peered at the woman bending over her. The innkeeper wore but a blanket, clutched about her. "Lass, lass," she hissed, hovering over El in the darkness, "ye'd best be gone from here right speedily, out into the woods. Word's come that armsmen are riding here to take thee!" Elmara yawned, stretched, and said, "My thanks, fair lady. Would there be such a thing as hot cider about, and some sausage?" The innkeeper stared at her.

Then what might almost have been a smile flashed across her face as she turned and hurried out, bare feet flashing in the

gloom. ***** The road fairly shook under their hooves in the gray gloom that comes before dawn. Sixty mounted knights of Athalantar, gleaming dark and deadly in their best battle armor, headed west, bent on battle. In their midst, the man whose helm bore the plumes of a commander turned his head to the man riding beside him. "Suppose you tell me, mage," he ordered, "what urgent befalling brings us to ride through half the night." "We go to work revenge, Prince," Magelord Eth snapped. "Is that good enough, or would you question my orders further?" Prince Gartos appeared to consider the matter for a moment, and then said, "No-revenge is the best reason to make war." There was a shout from ahead, and the horses broke stride.

"Stay on the road, damn you!" Gartos ordered wearily, as the knights' mounts bunched up and snorted and tossed their heads all around him. The band of knights came to an uneasy halt. "What?" he roared. "The Narthil road-gate, Lord Prince-and no guard stands here." Gartos snapped, "Helms on, all! Blades out!" and waved imperiously. The knights around him obeyed, and urged their mounts forward at speed. A breath later, they were thundering down into Narthil. The gloom-shrouded road ahead was empty and in darkness; no lights glimmered in the houses and shops on either side. The foremost knights slowed their mounts, peering around uncertainly. The town looked asleep, but they'd all heard of knights tumbled from their mounts after riding into cords stretched stiff across streets. There were no cords ... and no leaping arrows ... and no one defying them at all. Unless ...
