=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 170
characters  : mystra, elminster
events      : Mystra walked on water and spoke to Elmara before abandoning her at sea
location    : island
=== CONTENT ===
Then she turned and began to walk away, striding on empty air down the hill. After a moment, Elmara followed through the tugging breeze, down the windblown slope, then around another hill, and on. They came out onto a pebble beach on the far side of the isle from the dock, but the glowing figure ahead walked on, straight into-no, above!- the waves, striding out to sea. Elmara slowed, eyeing the water's edge. Gray waves rolled endlessly up onto the pebbles, and then sucked them back. The water ahead was glowing where Mystra had walked above it. Unbroken by the rolling waves, a shining path lay across the waters ahead of her. The goddess was growing distant now, still striding across the waves. Gingerly, Elmara walked into the surf, and found her boots still dry. A fine mist covered her, but her feet did not plunge through the waters .

. . she was walking on the waves! Emboldened, she began to hurry now, striding along in haste to catch up. They were walking out to sea, leaving the island well behind. The breezes blew past, cool and steady, driving the sea to shore. Elmara hurried until her breath was coming in gasps, not quite daring to run on the moving waves . .. yet drew no closer to the glowing figure ahead. El was just beginning to wonder where they were hurrying to when a cold, clear voice from just ahead of her said, "You have failed me." Ahead, the glowing figure dimmed, fading quickly above the dark waves.

Elmara started to run in earnest now, but the radiant waves in front of her grew darker and darker, until the path was gone, and the figure too-and she was suddenly walking on the water no more, but plunged into icy depths. She rose, struggling, cold water crawling in her throat and nose as she coughed and thrashed ... and a wave slapped her in the face. She spat out

water and clawed her way around, so the next swell lifted her under the shoulders and carried her along. Back toward the island, now only a dark spot on the running gray seas. She was alone in the chill waters, at night, far from land.... ***** In the breeze howling its way over the hilltop there came a sudden whirl of sparkling lights, rising up into a singing cloud of winking radiance. From its heart stepped a tall, dark-robed figure. He strode to the bare stone block, looked down at it for a moment, and said coldly, "Rise!" There was a sigh and a stirring from the stone in front of him, and wisps of pearly light began to stream from it, tugged by the quickening wind. The radiance swirled, thickened, and became a translucent figure-a woman who held a tome.
