=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 292
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Bethgarl sees Mystra ascending as a blue-white flame with Elminster inside
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Awaken, Hastarl!" he muttered, spreading his arms grandly and yawning again. "For Bethgarl Nreams, famed cheese merchant, cometh, cart loaded high with wheels of sharpcrumble, whitesides, and re-" something moved and caught his eye off to the left, by the old grave-shrine. Bethgarl looked in that direction, then up-and a third yawn died forever as his jaw dropped open in wonder. He was looking-nay, staring-at a rising ball of blue-white flame, flaring so bright he could scarce bear it... but he had looked, eyes burning, and seen two folk floating half-hidden in its heart! A man and a maid, and they were. . . . Bethgarl stared, rubbed his watering eyes, stared again, then let fall his cart and ran back the way he'd come, for all he was worth, howling in fear. Gods, he'd have to stop eating those snails! Ammuthe had been right, as usual. ..

oh, gods, why had he ever doubted her? *   *   *   *   * Sated, they floated in each other's arms, hiding from the brightness of highsun in the shade of an old and mighty tree. The white flames were gone, and Mystra seemed only a languid, beautiful human woman. She rested her head on his shoulder and said softly, "Now your road must be alone, Elminster, for the more I walk Toril in human form, the more power passes from me, and the less I become. Thrice I died as Myrjala, watching over you-here, in Ilhundyl's castle, and in the throne room in Athalgard ... and with each death I am diminished." Elminster stared down into her dark eyes. As he opened his mouth to speak, she put fingers over his lips to still him, and went on.

"Yet you need not be alone-for I have need of champions in the Realms: men and women who serve me loyally and hold a part of the power over Art that is mine. I

would very much like you to be one of my Chosen." "Anything, Lady," Elminster managed to say. "Command me!" "No." Mystra's eyes were grave. "This you must freely agree to-and before you speak so quickly, know that I am asking of you service that may last a thousand thousand years. A hard road ... a long, long doom. You will see Athalantar, with all its folk and proud towers, pass away, crumble into dust, and be forgotten." Those dark eyes held his, and Elminster floated, looked into them, and was afraid. Staring into his eyes, the goddess went on. "The world will change around you, and I shall command you to do things that are hard, and that will seem cruel or senseless. You will not be welcome in most places . . .
