=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 120
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elminster transformed into woman by Mystra
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Elminster bent forward to take it up. There was an unfamiliar swaying sensation at his chest as he knelt. Frowning, he looked down and saw the breasts and the smooth curves of a maid. Elminster stared down at himself in astonishment, and ran a wondering hand over his body. It was solid and real... he looked wildly around, but he was alone. Mystra had turned him into a woman! Clutching the reassuring, familiar hilt of the Lion Sword, El crawled forward across the rock until he could stare down into the placid waters of the pool. He studied his reflection there, seeing his own sharp nose and black hair, but a rather softer face, with a pert mouth-now frowning in

consternation-a long neck and below it, a slim-hipped, rather bony woman. He was Elminster no more. As he stared down, something seemed to grow in the depths of the pool... something blue-white and leaping-a flame. El sat back. A flame was burning under the water, a flame with nothing to feed on! A flame that was rising, and becoming golden ... Mystra! He reached out an eager hand to touch the flame as it broke the surface, never thinking that it might destroy him until it was too late and his slim fingers were already feeling-coolness! A voice seemed to speak in his head. "Elminster becomes Elmara to see the world through the eyes of a woman. Learn how magic is a part of all things and a living force in itself, and pray to me by kindling flame.

You will find a teacher in this forest." The flame faded and Elminster shivered. He knew that voice. He looked down again in wonder. Now he was .. . "Elmara," she said aloud, and repeated it, her voice more musical than before. She shook her head, suddenly recalling a night in Hastarl bought with stolen coins at Farl's urging. She remembered hot kisses and smooth, cool shoulders sliding soft and curved under his fingers, which wandered with tentative awe. If he went into such a room now, he'd-she'd-be on the other end of the lovemaking. Hmmm. So this was Mystra's first trick. Elmara twisted her lips wryly, shivered again, and then drew a deep breath. Elminster, the upstart prince whose failed battles had made him known to at least two magelords, was gone ... at least for now, perhaps forever. His cause, she vowed, would never die, but end fulfilled.
