Elminster stumbled and with an effort caught his balance, cradling the spellbook. "Where-are we?" "One of my hideaways," Myrjala said, peering around alertly. "This was once part of an elven city. We're deep under Nimbral, an island in the Great Sea." Elminster looked around and then down at the book in his hands. When he raised his watery eyes to meet hers, they held a strange look. "Ye knew him?" Myrjala's eyes were very dark. "I know many mages, Elminster," she said, almost warningly. "I've been around a long time . . . and I did not live this long by recklessly challenging every archmage I heard of." "Ye don't want me to go to Athalantar yet," Elminster said slowly, eyes on hers. Myrjala shook her head. "You're not ready.

Your magic is still unsubtle, brutal, and predictable-doomed to fail when greater force contests against you." "Teach me wisdom, then," Elminster said, swaying on his feet. She turned away. "Separate paths, remember?" "Ye were watching over me," Elminster said to her back, desperately. "Following me ... why?" Myrjala turned back to him slowly. Tears glimmered in her eyes. "Because ... I love you," she whispered. "Stay with me, then," Elminster said. The book fell forgotten from his hands, but it took all his strength to stride forward and put his ravaged arms around her. "Teach me." She hesitated, her dark eyes seeming to look deep into him.

Then, almost shuddering, she nodded. A dark, triumphant fire rose in his eyes as their lips met. ***** Mirtul was a dry, windy month in the Year of the Wandering Leucrotta- especially in the hot, dusty lands of the east. Elminster stood hard-eyed atop a wind-scoured cliff, glaring down at a castle of the sorcerer-kings far below. To reach it, he and Myrjala had ridden for a tenday or more past dead slaves stinking in the sun. Here at last were their slayers. Through his eagle-eyes spell, Elminster watched bloody whips rise and fall in that courtyard, laying open the bodies of the last slaves. All life had fled already, but the sorcerers flailed on, weaving an evil magic with the fading life-forces of the men and women they'd slain. In anger, El lashed out with spells of his own devising.