north toward Heldon, she found her way blocked by several encampments of armsmen, and a band of magelings being trained by several watchful magelords-and with a weary sigh, decided to go west into the Haunted Vale, and try to reach the High Forest from that direction. She'd never thought fighting magelords would involve so much walking.... ***** It was late one day when she found battle again. She trudged up a hill, frowned curiously at a trampled, fresh-broken gap in a farm fence, and went through it. The field was empty, but the hilltop in the field beyond it was a crowded place. A large band of Athalantan armsmen stood in a large ring about a lone figure- a woman in robes-firing at her with crossbow quarrels. A farmer stood leaning on a stout cane at the gate where the two fields met.

His lips quivered in anger as he watched, eyes blazing. He turned his head like an angry lion as Elmara came up beside him, and put out his cane to block her path. "Stay back, lass," he warned. "Yon dogs are out for blood- and they won't care who they slay. They'd not have dared when I was younger, but the gods and the passing years have taken all from me but my smart mouth and this farm...." The woman on the hilltop knew sorcery; crossbow quarrels were bounding aside from unseen shields, and she was conjuring small balls of fire, and hurling them to consume some of the bolts leaping at her. Her shoulders sagged in weariness, and when she tossed long, tangled hair out of her eyes, the movement was tired. The armsmen were wearing her down fast.

Elmara patted the old man's arm, stepping around his cane- and strode briskly off into the field, heading for the ring of arms-men. As she approached, a bolt took the sorceress through the shoulder. The woman reeled and then fell to her knees with a sob, clutching at the dark, spreading stain where the quarrel protruded. "Take her," the battlelord outside the ring snapped, waving at his warriors with one imperious gauntlet. The armsmen rushed in, but the sorceress was muttering something and gesturing hastily with one bloody hand. The trotting soldiers slowed, and one slumped bonelessly to the trodden turf, followed by another. Then a third, and a fourth. "Back!" the battlelord roared.

"Back, before she has all of you asleep!" When the armsmen were back in an unsteady ring, leaving many of their fellows sprawled on the ground, the commander glared around at them, and snarled, "Shoot her down, then. Bows ready!"