=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 194
characters  : elmara, phaernos
events      : Elmara seeks shelter at inn, meets Phaernos; Elmara offers to pay with spells, Phaernos is distrustful; Elmara shares her name and offers to expand storage cellar using magic
location    : The Old Shields Inn
=== CONTENT ===
at the old shields nailed to it and seemed almost amused. "Why d'you ask?" he asked her as they came into the low-beamed taproom. A few farmers and village folk were sitting by the fire, cradling tankards of ale and mugs of broth. They looked up with mild interest. "I can pay ye with spells," the wet girl said calmly. Phaernos drew away from her in the sudden silence and said shortly, "We haven't much use for mages hereabouts. Most wizards in this land don't use their magic to help anyone but themselves." "Then their magic should be stripped from them," she replied. "And just how d'ye think anyone could do that, lass?" one of the drunker farmers demanded from his seat by the fire. "Take their lives swift enough, and they've seldom any will left to work spells, I've found," the woman said calmly.

"I'm no friend of magelords." The silence that followed her words was broken only by the faint, steady drip of river water from her clothes. No one bothered her-or even spoke to her-after that. Phaernos led her wordlessly into the kitchen, pointed her to a bench by the hearth-fire, and brought her a cloak. The kitchen-women bustled over with rags for her to scrub dry with and food to eat, but then went on about their business. Elmara welcomed the peace; she was exhausted. Two hills away from Narthil, she'd made the mistake of using a spell that took her in a single step from where she'd stood to the most distant hilltop she could see. The magic had drawn on her own energy to do its work, leaving her exhausted.

After that, the swim across the river hadn't helped-and it'd left her too chilled to just roll herself in her cloak and go to sleep in the open. Elmara dried off as best she could, wrapped herself in the cloak, and dozed off, dreaming of shivering in a dripping hedge while magelords in the shape of wolves howled and bounded past, seeking her with sharp and hungry jaws agape. It was much later when, at a gentle touch, she awoke; the innkeeper was bending over her. His guest tensed and looked up alertly as if she might spring up in a moment to give battle or flee. Phaernos gazed down at her expressionlessly and said, "The house is closed for the night and the drinkers've gone home ...you're the only guest to sleep here tonight. Tell me your name, and what you meant about. . .

paying me with magic." At his words, two of the women drew nearer to listen. "I'm Elmara," his guest said, "a traveler from afar. I'm no mage, but I can work a few spells. Would ye like a larger storage cellar?" Phaernos looked at her silently for a breath or two, and then the beginnings of a smile crept onto his face. "A larger cesspit would be more
