=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 98
characters  : chaslarla, rhegaer, klaern, jhardin, farl
events      : Disagreement among potential band members; Klaern challenges Jhardin's leadership abilities
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Now that," fat old Chaslarla said, scratching herself, "makes more sense o' the mess than I've heard since I first saw 'em. An' it explains why some armsmen seem to look the other way when they strike out-under orders, belike." "Aye," young Rhegaer said, idly turning a little knife in his fingers as he perched atop a barrel taller than he was. As usual, he was very dirty . . . but then, so was the barrel, and a peering eye might have missed him, but for the flash and turn of the little blade. "Well, I think it's so much smart lies and fancy-castles talk," Klaern snarled, "an' I'll not listen to more of it. Ye're fools, all of ye, if ye listen to these two dreamers.

What have they but smart tongues?" He strode out of his corner to stare around the room, and like a silent wave rolling in his wake his two brothers came to stand at his back in a solid, threatening wall of flesh. "If there's to be a band to rival the Moonclaws, I'll lead it. 'Velvet Hands,' indeed! While these two perfumed dancing lads are strutting an' crowing, my brothers 'n' me can make ye rich . . . guaranteed." "Oh?" A very deep voice rumbled out from one dark corner. "And just

how, Blaenbar, are ye going to manage to make me trust thee? After watching thy bullying and blustering in the alleys these past three summers, all I know of ye is that I'd best never turn my back-or thy blade'll be in, right sharp." Klaern sneered. "Jhardin, everyone in Hastarl knows ye're as strong as an ox-but anyone might give ye a good run in a race of wits. What can ye know of planning, or-" "More than some folk," Jhardin growled. "Where I come from, 'planning' always means some clever jack is going to try to trick me." "Why don't ye go back there, then?" "Enough, Klaern," Farl said with cold scorn. "Trust is something the rest of us can never have when you're near, that's for certain. You'd best leave." The red-maned man turned on him. "Afraid ye'll lose mastery of this little band of Pawing Hands, eh?
