=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 145
characters  : elmara
events      : Blades reach Ondil's tower
location    : Ondil's tower
=== CONTENT ===
Upright it stood, a lone, crumbling stone tower reaching into the bright sky... but as the tales had said, its base was a ruin of tumbled stones, and there was a stretch of empty air twelve men or so high between the ground and the dark, empty room of the tower's sixth level. Ondil's tower hung patiently in the air as it had for centuries, held up by an awesome sorcery. The Blades looked up at it, and then looked away-except for the only woman among them, who stood with a wand raised warily, peering past her hawk nose at the silent, waiting keep hanging above her. The Blades had come here by a long and perilous road.

In a spider- haunted sorcerer's tomb of lost Thaeravel, said by some to be the land of mages from which Netheril sprang, they'd found writings that spoke of the mighty archwizard Ondil and his withdrawal in his later days into a spell- guarded tower to craft many new and powerful sorceries. Then old Lhangaern of the Blades crafted a potion to make his limbs young again, drank it-and fell screaming into crumbling dust before their eyes ... and they were without a mage. The Brave Blades dared not take the road again without so much as a light-bringing incantation to aid them. So when a young woman came to their inn and spun tales of the wonders of magic-and proved she could work spells of a sort-they practically dragged this Elmara into their ranks. She was not a pretty woman. Her fierce hawk nose and dark, serious gaze

made many a man and most maids draw back from her, and she rode garbed as a warrior in boots and breeches, avoiding the robes and airs of most mages. None of the Blades felt inclined to lure her to bed, even if the threat of defensive spells weren't hanging around her. Her first demand was for time to study the spellbooks Lhangaern would never read again ... and the second was for a chance to use them. The Blades granted her that, riding out to make red war on a band of brigands who oppressed that land. In the crumbling old keep the defeated band used as their stronghold, Elmara found wands they could not use and books of spells they could not read, and bore these out in triumph.
