I shall follow after I drink to the health of this excellent and dedicated officer-whose word I utterly support, for the honor of Athalantar." "For the honor of Athalantar," half a hundred men muttered in reply, waving their flagons and tankards halfheartedly. Unimpressed, the swordmaster watched the men go. Then, ignoring Thelorn Selemban's smile, he shot a cold look at Jansibal Otharr, and said, "My lord?" Sullenly, without a reply, Jansibal waved a hand at his men. Then he turned back to the Shadow, who still knelt fearfully in the alcove, and said coldly, "My lords, I was occupied before Selemban took it upon himself to interrupt. If you'll excuse me-?" "Through there," Elminster murmured, pointing, "is rather more private.

I'm sure the folk who were sitting here before thy enthusiastic men shoved them aside would like to resume what they were doing before thy interruption, too, my lord." The dandy snarled at him, promised death again in his eyes, but the

swordmaster said firmly, "Take the young man's advice, Otharr. He but tries to rescue your family name . .. and remind you of a few simple basics of courtesy." Otharr did not look around, but his shoulders stiffened, and he turned without a word, fingers firmly wound in Shandathe's hair so that she gave a little shriek and then hurried along on her knees to avoid being dragged. Elminster took a step forward, but the noble had already halted to fling the curtain wide. "A light in here," he ordered curtly. The young alcove-lass unhooded a slow-wick lamp and blew it into brightness before slipping hurriedly away. The curtained pleasure-alcove normally cost six gold falcons-but before the fury of the noble and the watchful gaze of the swordmaster, the young girl did not tarry to try for the price ...

and the bodyguards who stood to defend her and her demand kept to the walls and held their silence. Jansibal Otharr surveyed the cushioned, draperied bed that almost filled the niche, nodded in satisfaction, and curtly waved Shandathe to the bed. The curtains fell into place behind them with an angry switch. Farl reached up the wall with a slow, stealthy hand and dimmed the lamp there by pinching down its wick. He caught the eyes of a lady across the benches, and she did the same, dimming that side of the taproom into darkness again. The swordmaster turned away, keeping Thelorn Selemban carefully at his side. They went back to the bar together. Farl and El exchanged glances. Farl sketched the swell of an imaginary bosom with one hand, pointed at the curtain, and then jerked his thumb at himself.