"Twisted it open and shortened the thing by a few links," he said innocently. "He was wearing his lion too low for the full effect, anyway." Farl burst into delighted laughter, and they clung together, chuckling, until Farl caught sight of a nearby signboard. "Let's go hoist a tankard," he puffed. "What?" Elminster's blue-gray eyes danced dangerously. "Again?" ***** Three times Selune had risen over the high towers of Athalgard since that night, and talk of the two young and very friendly sons of magelords was all over the city. The bodyguards of both were prowling through every tavern and beanpot dining room in the poorer parts of Hastarl, obviously looking for a certain hawk-nosed, black-haired youth and his clever-tongued friend ... so Eladar and Farl had judged it prudent to take a brief vacation until the searchers grew careless enough for accidents to happen to them-or until

some street thief too desperate to be wise tried to rob one of them, and their search was diverted to new targets. Lying exposed to the gaze and bows of bored guards on the battlements of Athalgard made both the friends uneasy, so they had taken to chatting, relaxing, and plotting in the seclusion of the old walled burial-ground at the other end of the city: an overgrown, disused place where the cracked and leaning stone vaults of wealthy families crumbled into rubble amid stunted trees that burst up through them, and spread concealing branches in all di- rections. Proud names and thieves successful enough to buy wealth and station all came here in the end... all their boasts and plots and gold coins bought them no more than crumbling gravestones, inscribed with lies about their greatness and good character. Scant comfort, El thought, to the moldering bones beneath.

In the tranquil shade of the tomb-trees, the two friends lay atop the sloping roof of Ansildabar's Last Rest, knowing but not caring that the bones of the once-famous explorer lay gnawed and exposed in the pillaged tomb beneath, and passed a wineskin back and forth as they watched the shadows cast by the lowering sun creep across leaning tombs and collapsed mau- soleums, heralding dusk. "I've been thinking," Farl said suddenly, holding out his hand for the skin. "Usually a bad sign," Elminster agreed affably, handing it over. "Hah-ha," Farl replied, "between wild orgies, I mean." "Ah, I'd been wondering what those momentary pauses were," Elminster said, extending his hand for the skin. Farl, who hadn't yet drunk, gave him a hurt look and a 'stay' gesture, and then drank deeply. Sighing with satisfaction, he wiped his mouth and held it out.