=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 214
characters  : elminster, ander
events      : El receives gender-transforming spell from Ander
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Mind ye return, in ten seasons or so, and talk with Ander again. Thy mind'll have fresh memories and learning for me by then." "I-I'll try to return," El said uncertainly. Though she'd now mastered her fear, only the gods above knew if she'd live that long, or still be able to work magic ... and not be a twisted prisoner of some magelord or other. "That's all any mortal can promise," Ander said, drifting nearer. "Take this gift from me, sith ye did not come to seize anything." A shaft of light descended in front of Elmara's nose, and within it hung an open book, a book of circular pages, open at one. As El stared at the crawling runes on that page, they seemed to writhe and reform until she could suddenly read them.

It was a spell that completely and permanently transformed the gender of the wizard casting it. El swallowed. She'd almost grown used to being a woman, but. . . The page was tearing itself free of the book, right in front of her eyes. Involuntarily she cried out at this

destruction, but the wraith answered her with a laugh. "What need have I of this spell? I can assume any solid form I choose! Take it!" Numbly, El reached forth her hand into the light and took the page. As she did so, she was abruptly plunged into darkness. The emerald glows, the wraithwizard, and the bones and all were gone. All that remained in the silent room was her own feeble mage-fire, and the crumbling page in her hand. She stared around for a moment, and then carefully rolled the parchment and thrust it into her bodice. Then she stiffened as a quiet chuckle sounded deep in her mind, followed by the words, Remember Ander, and return. I like thee, man-woman. El stood for a long time in the gloom, silent and unmoving, before she said, "And I thee, Ander.

I will come back to visit thee." Then she walked to where Myrjala had disappeared. "Teacher?" she called. "Teacher?" All was dark and silent. "Myrjala?" she said uncertainly, and at that name, motes of light sparkled into being in front of her, and she saw her tutor's dark and friendly eyes for a moment, before the light specks swirled around her too, and took her from the tomb. ***** "This is very important to ye," El said, standing on a barren hill in the westernmost reaches of the Haunted Vale. "And even more to you. This is your greatest test of all," Myrjala replied, "and if you succeed, you'll have done something more useful to Faerun than most mages ever accomplish.
