=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 193
characters  : ithil_sprandorn, thorstel, phaernos_bauldyn
events      : Phaernos meets a girl who swam the river
location    : saskar, river_shining, athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
Thirteen SPELLS ENOUGH TO DIE Think on this, arrogant mageling: even the mightiest archmage has no spells strong enough to let him cheat death. Some take the road of lichdom ... a living death. The rest of us find graves, and our dust is no grander than that of the next man. So when next you lord it over some farmer with your fireballs, remember: we all master spells enough to die. Ithil Sprandorn, Lord Mage of Saskar said to the prisoner wizard Thorstel Year of the Watching Wood Flamerule had been warm and wet in this Year of Bloodflowers, and if the gods sent rain sparingly in the fall, a plentiful harvest could be expected all down the River Shining. Phaernos Bauldyn, keeper of the Ambletrees Arms, leaned against his doorpost and watched the last light of the setting sun fade over the hills to the west.

A beautiful land, this . .. though he'd be happier if it weren't ruled by wizards who swaggered wherever they went, treating folk as slaves or cattle ... or worse. He sighed. So long as they didn't get foolish or arrogant enough to face the elves of the High Forest spell to spell or offended some god sorely enough to all be struck down on the spot, there was no way he could see that Athalantar would ever be free of the magelords. Phaernos frowned, sighed again, and turned back for his candle. It was fast growing dark now. He reached up, with the ease of long habit standing clear of the dripping wax, and lit the over-door lamp.

As he drew the candle down and blew it out, he saw her coming wearily up the road to his door: a lone girl, tall, dark haired, slim, and drenched, with her clothes clinging to her and her sodden cloak trailing river water behind. "Fall in, lass?" he asked, coming forward to offer his arm. "I had to swim the river," she replied shortly, and then raised her head and smiled at him. She was thin and hollow-eyed, but her blue-gray eyes were keen and bright above a sharp nose. Phaernos nodded as he turned to lead the way in. "A bed for the night?" "If I can get dry by a fire," she answered, "but my coins are few. Are ye master of this house?" "I am," Phaernos said, pulling open the wide front door. His guest peered
