=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 121
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elmara awakens in the High Forest, communicates with Mystra through nature signs.
location    : High Forest
=== CONTENT ===
That might take years, though, and for now- Elmara murmured, "So now what?" A breeze rustled the leaves again in answer. Shrugging, she rose and walked all over the little knoll-noting that her stride was subtly different, shorter and swaying from side to side more-but there was nothing else to be found except moss and dead leaves. She was alone, and nude, the occasional twig sharp under her bare feet. What to do? There was no food here, and no shelter. The sun already felt hot on her head and shoulders ... she'd best get into the shade. Mystra's voice had said she'd find a tutor in the forest, but she was reluctant to leave the pool, perhaps her only link to the goddess . . . but no.

Mystra had said that El should pray to her by kindling flame, and there was not enough wood or leaves on this knoll to do that. Mystra had also said she'd find a tutor, and that implied she'd have to look for one. Elmara sighed, juggled the Lion Sword thoughtfully, and squinted up at

the sun. This forest looked like the High Forest above Heldon. If this was the High Forest, going south would bring her to its edge, and perhaps to food, if she couldn't find anything to eat among the trees, and to some idea of where exactly she was. The ground under the trees was dark and rolling, with sharp slopes and little gullies everywhere. If she left this knoll, she doubted she could ever find it again. That thought made her remember the pool, and she knelt and drank deeply, not knowing when next she'd see water. Right, then. Time waited on no man-or woman, she reminded herself wryly, wondering how long it would take to get used to this.

As she set off down into the trees, she did not look back, and so didn't see the pair of floating eyes that appeared above the pool, watched her go, and seemed to nod approvingly. ***** She'd walked all day, and her feet were cut to ribbons. She winced as she went and left a bloody trail. She'd have to get into a tree before dark, or some prowling forest cat or wolf would follow her trail. If it bit her throat, she'd be dead before she could wake. Elmara looked around uneasily. The endless forest seemed dark and menacing now as the small glimpses of sunlight turned amber with sunset, and twilight came creeping . . . should she light a fire? It might attract beasts that could eat her, but yes. Only a little one, and let it die out before she slept.
