=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 138
characters  : elmara, mystra
events      : Elmara seeks magic for sworn task; Mystra observes Elmara, considering her potential.
location    : Shadowdale
=== CONTENT ===
Elmara said slowly. "Wherefore I'm wary of it." She took firm hold of the fork. "I did not choose to look upon Mystra-she came to me." "Then be more grateful; some wizards dream of seeing her all their lives and die disappointed." The white-haired head bent to regard the dirt again. "If you hate or fear magic so much, why have you come here?" Silence stretched. "To do a thing I am sworn to do," Elmara said finally, "I'll need strong magic ... and to understand what it is I wield." "Well, then ... eat, and get you going. Mind you try some of that thinking I suggest." "Thinking of-what?" "That, I leave to you. Remember, Mystra forbids nothing." "Think ... of everything?" " 'Twould be a welcome change." ***** The old woman watched until the young maid in the cloak was gone through the trees.

Then she went on watching; a few trees were nothing to her. Finally she turned and walked to the temple, growing as she went, her shape shifting and rising until a tall and shapely lady in shimmering, iridescent robes strolled to the temple door. She turned once more to look where Elmara had gone. Her eyes were dark and yet golden, and little flames danced in them. "Seen enough?" The voice from the darkness within the door was a deep rumble. Mystra tossed her head; long, glossy hair slithered and danced. "This could be the one. His mind has the width, and his heart the depth." The temple rippled, flowed, and shifted, even as she had done, and split, revealing itself as a bronze dragon rising away from around a much smaller, stone house.

The dragon stretched out gigantic wings with a creak and a sigh and inclined its head until one wise old eye regarded the goddess. Its voice was a purr so deep that the front of the stone house shivered. "As did all the others . . . those many, many others. Having the skill doesn't mean one must or will use it rightly, and take the true path." "True," Mystra answered, a certain soft bitterness in her tone, and then she smiled and laid a hand on its scales. "My thanks, faithful friend. Until next we fly together." As gently as if it were brushing her with a feather, the dragon stroked her cheek with one massive claw. Then it drew in its wings and melted, dwindling down into the form of a bent, wrinkled white-haired woman with
