=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 64
characters  : jansibal, thelorn selemban, otharr
events      : Near-death duel prevented by swordmaster Adarbron
location    : tavern
=== CONTENT ===
My six would dearly love to know." From behind him, another pair of men in livery glided forward, blades raised and glittering in the little dangling lamp that a trembling servant still held aloft on its pole. "I'll not fight a duel with all these blades of yours around," Jansibal said, drawing himself up. "I know your liking for convenient 'accidents.'" "While you grandly slash at someone with that blade you've dipped in sleep-venom? Aren't you tired of such deceits, Janz? Doesn't using them remind you, every even', that you're a worm? Or is it so much part of your lovely nature that you don't even notice?" "Shut your lying mouth," Jansibal snarled, "or-" "Or you'll get away with your little trick, yes? And stab all these lads and lasses around to work off your little rage, no doubt.

And what would you be doing with them once they were asleep? Robbing them, of course-you have such expensive habits, Janz-but perhaps a little idle butchering ... or worse? I've noticed the ladies raising their rates down your street, Janz...."

Jansibal snarled wordlessly and charged forward. There was a flash of light and a spray of scattering sparks as the blades of the two nearest bodyguards met some invisible shield of magic around the charging dandy- and then Jansibal came to a sudden halt as Thelorn Selemban, moving without apparent haste, drew a blade and pointed it at Jansibal's nose. Tiny white lightnings spiraled along the steel as its own enchantment cut through Jansibal's shield. Around the two nobles, their bodyguards surged forward, blades out and up. "Hold, men of Otharr and Selemban, in the name of the king!" came a sudden deep bellow from behind them all, in the direction of the bar. The liveried men halted as their masters stiffened-and the crowd around parted as if before a drawn sword. A man with a short-trimmed, graying beard came into view, a tankard in his hand.

"Swordmaster Adarbron," he identified himself flatly. "I'll report any deaths or bloodletting here to the magelords when I see them this night.... And I'll also let them know if either of you disobey me, my lords. Now order your men out of this place, and back to your homes-now!" He stood hard-eyed, and the two dandies saw men drift up to stand at his back. Off-duty armsmen, to be sure, faces not quite masking their glee. If the dandies defied the swordmaster, the soldiers would do their level best to 'accidentally' slay or maim them both-and none of their bodyguards would leave the tavern alive. "My men have had enough to drink anyway," Thelorn said easily, but a vein was working near his jaw. He did not look in Otharr's direction as he said almost gently to the men around him, "You may go.
