=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 294
characters  : bethgarl, ammuthe, elminster, mystra
events      : Bethgarl encounters a mysterious divine presence at a shrine; Elminster meets Mystra for the first time.
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
well, presently, good wife, I shall grow hungry. I know I will, and-" "By all the gods, Bethgarl! Shut thy mouth and run!" Ammuthe made as if to jerk free of him. Bethgarl sighed and let her go, and she was off like a rabbit, bounding down the hill again, hair streaming behind her. Bethgarl watched her go, fought down a sudden wild desire to laugh, and turned back to his cart. One of the cheeses had fallen off into the grass. He dusted it thoughtfully, put it back, picked up the handles, and pushed the cart on toward Hastarl, ignoring the sudden cries of his name from far behind. As he passed the shrine, he looked up at the ball of fire, and winked at it. Then he swallowed. Cold sweat trickled down his back, and he struggled against rising fear.

Carefully he pushed the cart on down the hill, not hurrying. He could have sworn that as he stared at the flames, a pair of dark, knowing eyes had met his-and winked back at him! Bethgarl reached the bottom of the hill and looked back. Fire still pulsed and glowed. Whistling, he pushed his cart on to Hastarl, and frowned curiously at the hubbub by the gates. There seemed to be a lot of folk out in the streets today, all of them excited....

Epilogue There are no endings save death, only pauses for breath, and new beginnings. Always, new beginnings... it's why the world grows ever more crowded, ye see. So remember, now-there are no endings, only beginnings. There; simple enough, isn't it? Elegant, too. Tharghin "Threeboots" Ammatar Speeches of a Most Worthy Sage Year of the Lost Helm Elminster floated back from somewhere far away indeed, and found himself lying naked on a slab of cold stone, smoke rising from his limbs. As the last gray wisps curled up and drifted away, he raised his head and looked down. His body was unchanged, unmarked. A shadow fell across him, and he turned his head. Mystra knelt over him, nude and magnificent. Elminster took one of her hands and kissed it. "My thanks," he said roughly.

"I hope I serve thee well." "Many have said that," Mystra replied a little sadly, "and some have even believed it." Then she smiled and stroked his arm. "Know, Elminster, that I believe in you far more than most. I felt the Lion Sword's enchantment stripped away by dragonfire that day when Undarl destroyed Heldon, and looked to see what befell, and saw a young lad swear vengeance against all cruel wizards and the magic they wielded. A man of great wits and inner kindness and strength, who might grow to be mighty. So I watched over him as he grew, and liked the choices he made, and what he grew to become ... until he came to confront me in my temple, as I knew he would in the end.
