=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 72
characters  : elminster
events      : Discussion about past experiences and motivations.
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
"Exactly." He watched the pole barge scrape to a stop against a distant dock, and said casually, "If we're going to be facing death together many nights longer, it'd probably be a good thing if I knew this code of yours. I know you prefer shop-guarding, dockwork, and errand- and package-running to thieving, but who wouldn't?" "Crazed-wits out looking for thrills," El said dryly.

Farl laughed. "Leave me out of it for a breath or two, and tell." Elminster thought for a moment. "I won't slay innocent folk . . . and I don't like stealing from anyone except rich merchants who are grasping, unpleasant, or openly dishonest. Oh, and wizards of course." "You really hate them, don't you?" Elminster shrugged. "I-I've contempt for those who hide behind magic and lord it over the rest of us because someone taught them to read, or the gods gave them the power to wield magic, or something. They should be using the Art to help us all, not keep folk down and lord it over them." "If you were Belaur right now," Farl said softly, "what in the name of the gods could you do but obey the wizards?" El shrugged. "The king may be trapped, and he may not be.

He never shows himself for us unwashed to get to know him-ye know, the subjects he's supposed to be serving-so how can I tell?" "You said once your parents were killed by a dragon-riding wizard," Farl said. Elminster looked at him sharply. "Did I?" "You were drunk. I-not long after we met-I had to know if I could trust you, so I got you drunk. That night at the Ring of Blades, you wouldn't say anything else except 'outlaw' and 'kill magelords.' You kept repeating that." Elminster stared steadily at the shattered crown of a nearby vault. "Every man needs an obsession," he said. He turned his head. "What's thine?" Farl shrugged his shoulders. "Excitement. If I'm not in danger or doing high, hidden, and important deeds, I'm not alive." Elminster nodded, remembering. It had been a cold, blustery day, muddy slush ankle-deep in the streets of Hastarl.
