=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 90
characters  : elminster, farl
events      : Elminster mediates gambling dispute over Berdeece Hettir's prophecy about King Belaur's fate.
location    : Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
voice again, so that it echoed back off the stone wall across the alley, "I think the first tale I heard is the true one: their wickedness was punished by a visit from Mystra herself!" "Yes! That's it! 'Twas just that as happened, I tell thee!" The woman was hopping up and down in her excitement now; her capacious bosom heaved and rolled like tied bundles on the docks in high winds. "The mage royal thought he had a spell that would bring her to heel like a dog so he could use her power to destroy all wizards but ours and conquer all the lands from here to the Great Sea beyond Elembar! But he was wrong, and she-" "She turned them all to boars, thrust spits up their behinds, and seared 'em in the hearth fires!" The gleeful voice belonged to a man nearby who stank of fish.

"Nay! I heard she plucked off all their heads-and ate 'em!" an old woman said proudly, as if King Belaur personally had told her. "Ah, get gone wi' ye. Why'd she do that, eh?" The man next to her stepped on her foot, hard. She hopped in pain, shaking her finger under his nose. "Just you wait, clever-nose! Jus' you wait an' see-if they has carved wooden 'eads when they're borne past us, or their heads covered wi' the burial cloaks, then I'm right! An' there's some folk in Hastarl as'll tell you Berdeece Hettir's never wrong!

Jus' you wait!" Farl and Elminster had been trading amused looks, but at this Farl smiled and said out of the side of his mouth, changing his voice so that it sounded gruff and distant: "I suppose as thou wouldn't put money on it, hey?" In an instant, the alley was a bedlam of shouting, red-faced Hastarl folk holding up fingers to indicate their wagers. "Wait a bit, wait a bit," Elminster said-and silence fell: Eladar the Dark never talked. "It always distresses me to see ye wager," he said, looking around earnestly, "because after, there's so much hard talk and people furious at those who didn't pay. So if ye must wager-and ye know I don't throw my coins about thus-I'll write down thy claims, and all can be settled fair, after." There was much talk ... and then a growing agreement that this was a good idea.

Elminster tore the sleeve from the rotten shirt he was wearing, got some ink from the street-scribe in trade for a quill that he'd stolen out of a window a tenday ago, and was still carrying in his boot, and set to work, scratching out sums with a rough-pointed needle. In the rush, none of the folk noticed Farl met several heavy wagers, standing always for the headless side. Elminster worked his way along the
