=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 181
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elminster saves himself by killing robed wizard in attempt to assassinate him; Elmara reveals she is a priestess of Mystra, causing hostile reactions among townsfolk
location    : Narthil
=== CONTENT ===
we hold Narthil for King Belaur." "Thank you, sir," Elmara murmured politely, and started back to her seat. The man in robes, suddenly released from magical restraint, lurched and almost fell, took three quick steps toward the door, and then spun around and snarled a spell, his dagger flashing into his hand. The watching townsfolk gasped. The robed wizard's blade and all the discarded swords on the floor leapt up in unison and hurtled through the air toward Elmara's back in a deadly storm of steel. Without turning, El murmured a soft word. The steel points so close to claiming her life swerved away, flying back at the mage. "No!" the robed wizard cried frantically, snatching at the handle of the door. "Wha-" The blades thudded home in a deadly rain, lifting the man's body off his feet and carrying him past the door.

He fell, kicked once, and then lay still, the blades a shining forest in his back. Elmara took up her cloak and pack. "Ye see? Mercy continues in short supply. Nor among mages, I've learned, is there overmuch trust," she added and went out into the street.

Watching faces were pressed against the windows of the inn as Elmara walked calmly out into the road and began to peer into shop windows, as if she had coins to spare and a whim to spend them. She had not been strolling long before there was the sound of a horn from north up the road-from the small stone pile of Narthil Keep. A sally port in the keep gate opened, and the clatter of hooves was heard. An old man in a ceremonial tabard rode out, two full-plated armsmen with lances behind him. Elmara watched them turn toward her, saw no signs of crossbows, shrugged, and turned away, heading back to the inn. The street was rapidly filling with curious townsfolk. "Who are ye, young lass?" asked one scar-nosed man. "A friend ... a traveling priestess of Mystra, from Athalantar," said Elmara.

"A magelord?" another man asked, sounding angry. "A renegade magelord?" the woman beside him offered. "No magelord at all, ever," Elmara replied, and turned to a big-bosomed, weary-looking woman in apron and patched skirts, who stood gaping at her as if she were a talking fish. "How goes it here in Narthil, goodwoman?" Taken aback by her words, she stammered for a trice, and then said bitterly, "Bad, lass, since these Athalantan dogs came and took the keep for their own. Since then, they've seized our food and daughters an' all without so much as asking!" "Aye!" several folk agreed. "More cruel than most warriors?" Elmara asked, waving a hand at the keep. The woman shrugged. "Nae so much cruel, as ... proud.
