=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 123
characters  : elmara, mystra, delsaran, baerithryn
events      : First meeting between Elmara and an elven figure with a glowing hand; Elmara's prayer to Mystra heard, lighting a tree on fire
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
She knelt there for a few breaths, hoping for some sign or word from the goddess, but there was nothing but darkness under the trees, and a faint whiff of woodsmoke. But then, why should she expect anything more? She'd never seen Mystra in all her life before last night. . . and there were other folk and other doings in Faerun besides Elminster of Athalantar. Elmara, she corrected herself absently. What did gods spend their days at, anyway? And then a booted foot came down softly on the ground she was staring at, treading firmly on the Lion Sword. She gasped and looked up. Proud eyes-elven eyes-stared down at her, and their gaze was not friendly. A hand was extended toward her, and there was a sudden glow of light from its palm.

The bright radiance grew, stretching out straight down at her, until the tip of a sword of light was in front of her chin. "Tell me," a light, high voice said calmly, "why I should let you live." ***** Delsaran sniffed suddenly and raised his head. "Fire!" The tree he'd been shaping fell back limply under his hands as his magic faltered. Quick anger turned the tips of his ears red. "Here, in the very heart of the old trees!"

"Yes," Baerithryn agreed, but laid a restraining hand on his friend's arm. "But a small one; tarry." He raised his other hand, sketched a circle in the air with two fingers, and spoke a soft word. A moment later, an intent face appeared in the air between them, the face of a human woman. Delsaran hissed but said no more as they heard the woman speak: "My thanks, great Mystra. I shall try to learn, and serve thee well." The flame soared then, and their spell-vision exploded into a tiny twinkling of blue sparks. Delsaran's jaw dropped. "The goddess heard her," he said in grudging disbelief. Baerithryn nodded. "This must be the one the Lady said would come." He rose, a silent shadow in the gathering night-gloom, and said, "I shall guide her, as I promised. Leave us be ... as you promised." Delsaran nodded slowly.

"The Lady grant us success"-his lips twisted wryly-"all three." Baerithryn laid a silent hand on his shoulder, then was gone. Delsaran stared unseeing at the tree he'd been shaping, and then shook his head. Humans had slain his parents and their axes had felled the trees he'd first played in ... why did the Lady have to send a human? Didn't she want the People to be guided in learning her service and true mastery of magic? "I guess she thinks elves are wise enough to guide themselves," he said aloud, smiled almost wistfully, and got to his feet. Mystra had never spoken to him. He shrugged, set his hand reassuringly on the tree for a moment, and then slipped away into the night. ***** Elmara stared up at the sword. "There is no special reason," she said at last.
