"Are ye ready?" "I'll come for him," was the soft reply. "We've got a patrol of armsmen up here." "Is that why I'm visible?" El said, suddenly realizing that the magelord had seen him instantly. El stepped out of the chamberpot, deciding not to look down at whatever mess he must be making, and strode toward where the magelord had vanished. A bottle sailed across the room at his head; he ducked, and it touched his shoulder and shattered against the door behind him. "Yes, that's why," Myrjala answered him calmly. "Next time, just pour me a glass, all right?" El stared at the frightened woman who'd hurled the bottle- did all these magelords walk about naked? Nay, she was dripping wet, just as the man

had been: bath time, then-and then turned back to see Myrjala touch Farl. "Be back," she said to El, and the two of them vanished. El looked back at the woman, and then over to where the magelord was struggling to his feet. "For the deaths of my parents," he said softly, "die, Magelord!" And a spell roared out of him. Silver spheres poured across the room and began to burst, one after another, shaking the room. The magelord tried to scream. "My, what a dramatic speech," said a new voice at El's elbow. Elminster turned, and a smug-looking, mustachioed man in purple robes who hadn't been in the room two breaths before smiled pleasantly at him and triggered the wand in his hand. The world went dark, then red. Dimly El heard a splintering crash, his own body striking a wall and demolishing a mirror.

He heard bones shattering as he bounced back out into the room, half-crushed, and fell forward into oblivion.... Chantlarn of the magelords nodded in satisfaction and sauntered forward to inspect the stranger's body. Perhaps there'd be some salvageable magic ... he didn't spare a single glance for the sobbing apprentice or the smoking ruin of the couch, where Malanthor's contorted, blackened bones were still writhing in an eerie, futile struggle to stay upright. "Elminster?" The voice from the doorway of the jakes was low and quiet, but definitely female. Chantlarn turned, and heard the speaker gasp. The other intruder Ithboltar had warned them of! He smiled tightly and triggered his wand again, aiming at her face. The wand flashed again, and Chantlarn opened his eyes. He'd have to stop firing at folk so close to him, or ... it was his turn to gasp.