=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 26
characters  : sargeth, elminster
events      : First meeting and alliance formed between outlaws against mages.
location    : the hills
=== CONTENT ===
The cold lesson was to trust nothing that lived, from birds and foxes whose alarmed flight could draw the eyes of patrols, to peddlers who might go after the gold and speak of fires or watching men they'd seen deep in the hills where outlaws were known to lurk. Sargeth strode up through the endless fall of snow, which drifted straight down now as there came a sudden lull in the winds. He was grinning through the cloud of vapor that curled about his mouth. "All dead, El: a dozen armsmen . .. and one of them was carrying a full pack of food!" Elminster, called Eladar among the outlaws, grunted. "No mages?" Sargeth chuckled and laid a hand on El's arm. He left bloody marks-the gore of some armsman now lying still in the snows. "Patience," he said.

"If it's wizards you want to kill, let us slay enough armsmen-and by all the gods, the mages will come." Elminster nodded. "Anything else?" Around them, the wind screamed with fresh strength, and it was hard to see through the driven snow. "One horse hurt. We'll butcher it and wrap it in their cloaks here. Haste, now; the wolves are as hungry as we. Engarl's found a dozen daggers or more-and at least one good helm. Baerold's collecting boots, as usual. Go you and help Nind with the cutting."

Elminster sniffed. "Blood work, as always." Sargeth laughed and clapped him on the back. "We all have to do it to live. Look upon it as preparing yerself several good feasts, and try not to gnaw on too much raw meat as you usually do ... unless you like icing yer backside in the snow and feeling kitten weak, that is." Elminster grunted and headed through the snow where Sargeth pointed. A happy shout jerked his head around. It was Baerold, leading back a snorting horse by the reins. Good; it could drag their spoils some way before they would have to kill it to end the trail its hooves would leave. Around them, the whistle of the wind began to die, and with it the snowfall faltered.

Curses came from all around; the outlaws knew they'd have to work fast indeed if it turned cold and clear-for even the weak wizards posted to the keeps out here had magic that could find them from afar when the weather was clear. By the favor of the gods, another squall came in soon after they left the cleft; even someone already tracking them wouldn't be able to follow. The outlaws struggled on, following Sargeth and Baerold, who knew every slope of the hills here even in blinding snows. When they came to the deep spring that never froze, a place they knew the wizards watched by magic, from afar, Baerold spoke a few soothing words to the horse-and then swung his forester's axe with brutal strength, and leapt clear of its kicking hooves as it fell.
