=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 248
characters  : elminster, farl, tassabra
events      : Elminster reveals his lineage and plans, elves appear offering alliance
location    : Athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
He caught an appreciative "Nice lass, there," from the other elf before he turned his attention again to the pair facing him. "Can ye see me now?" he asked. Farl and Tass shook their heads. "Nor can ye touch me-even with spells," Elminster told them. "I have powerful allies; they can cloak ye even as they're shielding me now. Ye could steal from magelords and stab at them without fearing their magic!" Farl stiffened, eyes shining. "No?" Then his eyes narrowed. "Just who are these allies?" Elminster flicked a thought at Braer: May I? Leave this to us, came the warm reply. A moment later, he heard the bed- hangings rustle behind him. Tass gasped, and Farl's hand tensed on the blade he held beneath the covers. El knew both elves had appeared behind him even before he heard Braer's musical voice.

"Forgive this intrusion, Lord and Lady," the elf said. "We do not make a habit of intruding into bedchambers, but we feel this chance to

free the realm is most important. If you'll fight beside us, we would find it an honor." El saw his old friends blink; the elves must have vanished abruptly. He heard the bed-hangings fell back again. Tass closed her gaping mouth with an effort. "An honor?" Farl said wonderingly. "Elves would take it as an honor to fight with us?" "Elves," Tassabra murmured. "Real elves!" "Aye," Elminster said with a smile, "and with their magic, we can defeat the magelords." Farl shook his head. "I want to-gods, I want to!-but... all those armsmen ..." "Ye would not be fighting alone," El told them. "Beside ye, when it comes to open battle, will stand the Knights of the Stag." "The lost knights of Athalantar?" Tass gasped. Farl shook his head in disbelief. "More children's legends! I- this seems a dream ...

you truly intend this...." He shook his head again to clear his wits, and asked, "How did you manage to get the elves and the knights to follow you?" "They are loyal to Athalantar," El said quietly, "and answered a call from its last prince." "Who's that?" "Me," El said flatly. "Eladar the Dark is also-Elminster, son of Prince Elthryn. I am a prince of Athalantar." Farl and Tass stared at him, and then, shakily, Farl swallowed. "I can't believe it," he whispered, "but oh, I want to! A chance to live free, and not have to fear and bow to wizards anywhere in Athalantar . .." "We'll do it," Tassabra said firmly. "Count on us, El-Eladar. Prince." Farl stared at her. "Tass!" he hissed. "What're you saying? We'll be killed!" Tassabra turned her head to look at him. "And what if we are?" she asked quietly.
