=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 159
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster battles beholders
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
hand, coiling and flaring as Elmara struck home- and her tiny steel fang sank into a hard body-plate as if she were thrusting into so much hot stew. The beholder shrieked like a terrified courtesan and hurled itself away from the sorceress. El was left tumbling alone in the air as the eye tyrant flew blindly into the nearest wall, snarling in pain. Elmara snatched a wand from her belt and darted after it. Straight among the eyestalks she plunged to touch the thing's rolling body just above the hissing, snapping jaws. Then she kicked herself away and flew clear. Behind her, the beholder began to repeat its actions backward, rolling back to strike the wall again. Then it hurtled back to where Elmara had stabbed it.

It hung there a moment-and then rolled back at the wall again to crash and then roll away in an exact duplication of its previous movements. Fascinated, the watching Blades saw the monster's flight repeat, cycling through its squalling collision with the wall over and over again. "How long will that go on?" Tarthe asked in wonder. "The beholder is doomed to smash itself against the wall of the chamber over and over until its body falls apart," Asglyn said grimly. "That's not magic many wizards dare to use." "I don't doubt it," Ithym put in from beside them. Then he gasped and pointed out into the center of the vast open chamber. Elmara had retrieved her staff and flown into the heart of the last, smaller globe. One skeletal hand leapt at her eyes, but she smashed it aside.

The second hand was already darting in at her from behind; they saw it dig bony digits into her neck as she whirled around, too late. Elmara flung her staff away and spat the words of another spell, one hand flashing in intricate gestures. The skeletal hand was crawling its steady way around to her throat as she wove the spell-and the hand she'd hit away was flying at her face again, two smashed, bony fingers dangling uselessly. Tarthe sighed in frustration. Elmara was struggling, a hand at her throat, jerking her head from side to side to keep the other bony claw from piercing her eyes. Her face darkened, but the Blades saw motes of light spring into being around her, growing brighter. Then, without sound, both skeletal hands fell into dust, and the globe around them faded away entirely.

As its magic failed, the Blades heard Elmara gasping for breath in the sudden silence-and the first winking lights drifted past their shoulders from the passage behind them. The Blades drew aside in wary surprise. The many-hued lights that had cloaked Gralkyn emptied themselves from the doorway in a steady stream, drifting along the passage and out into the open center of the chamber, heading for their sorceress.
