=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 252
characters  : farl, elminster, myrjala, jannath, tass
events      : Farl gives Elminster magical items, Elminster discusses recent events with Farl and Myrjala, they plan to infiltrate Malanthor's tower.
location    : Shadowdale
=== CONTENT ===
"I'd trust him to sense anything this Undarl could cast." Farl shrugged, but seemed more at ease as he thrust a varied assortment of gems, vials, and pouches into Elminster's hands. "Here. He's got something built into his bed, too, but I couldn't find the way to it, and forgot to bring my axe with me." "Next time," El replied soothingly, and after a breath or two, Farl grinned at him. "There were so many thieving apprentices trying to get past Undarl's ward to steal spell scrolls that I kept falling over them! I still don't know how they missed seeing me ... this shadow of mine must be good." He frowned. "How-how're my Hands doing?" Elminster scratched his nose. "The headstrong lass-Jannath, d'ye call her?-

ran into a servant and slew him before she gave herself time to think . . . but her elven shadow flew the body out and gave it to the river. Otherwise, all is quiet, unfolding as we foresaw." "Who's left to do?" "We leave the tower of Ithboltar alone," Myrjala's voice came quietly out of the night beside them. "So that leaves only Malanthor for you." Farl nodded. "Right... where's Tass?" Elminster grinned. "I made her change out of her ruby-red costume-" "I'll bet you did," Farl and Myrjala said in unison, and then looked at each other and laughed. "-so she was a trifle late getting started," Elminster continued smoothly, as if the interruption hadn't occurred. "She's in Alarashan's turret now; her shadow hasn't reported anything amiss." Farl sighed in relief, and sprang to his feet.

"Lead me to this Malanthor, then." Myrjala raised her eyebrows, and gestured at Elminster to cast the first spell. Obediently El stepped forward, pointing across the dark rooftops of the city. "See ye that turret, there? We're going to fly you across to the window ... the smaller one; it's his jakes, whereas the other is sure to have alarm spells and probably traps." "Fly me?" Farl said, and rolled his eyes. "I'm still not quite used to you being a mighty mage, El-or a prince, for that matter." "That's all right," Myrjala said soothingly. "El's not really used to being either of those things himself, yet." "You surprise me," Farl said dryly, striding to the edge of the roof. Behind him, the two mages exchanged an amused glance. ***** Farl reached for the ring. This was almost too easy.
