=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 38
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster prepares to attack an enemy camp alone; encounters a mysterious flying man
location    : Lawless Castle, The Sword Coast
=== CONTENT ===
Three ALL TOO MUCH DEATH IN THE SNOWS If in winter ye walk When snow is deep Beware when ye talk- For afar echoes creep. Old Sword Coast Snow-Rune Tyche, at least, had heard his prayers. As Elminster rode down a dusky valley along the clear trail the armsmen had left, he caught sight of them gathered below, building fires-and the trails in the snow made it clear they'd met with and joined another patrol instead of going down to the keep ... which was still a good ride away. Night would find them very soon, deep in the hills, and they'd halted to make camp. "Thankee, Tyche," El told the wind wryly, as he pulled his weary mount to a halt. All his foes were gathered together and would soon halt within his reach. As with all the gifts of Lady Luck, this one was double-edged.

All he had to do was kill the five armsmen who'd fled from Lawless Castle-and all the others they'd met with down there. For a fleeting moment, he wished he were some great mage to send swift death screaming down upon the gathered camp below-or to ride a dragon down to rake, burn, and scatter. Elminster shivered at that memory of Heldon and touched the Lion Sword where it rode on its thong inside his jerkin. "Prince Elminster is a warrior," he told the wind with grand dignity-and then chuckled. More soberly, he added, "He kills a man to warm up, helps cut up his horse and eat it, and then goes out into a battle and slaughters eight more. As if that's not enough, he's now about to sweep down alone on a score or more ready-armed armsmen.

What else could he be but a warrior?" "A fool, of course," a cold voice answered from very near. Elminster whirled around in his saddle. A dark-robed man was standing watching him- standing on empty air, booted feet well above the unbroken snow. El's hand stabbed to his belt, found one of the salvaged daggers he'd thrust there, and hurled it. It spun end over end, flashing as it caught the light of the newly kindled campfires below, and plunged straight through the man to bury itself deep in the snows beyond.
