=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 235
characters  : elminster
events      : Elminster fights against another dragon and a mage
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
The snake grew larger and darker, and wings began to sprout from it. As its shape built and stretched, it grew a human hand and mouth for an instant. The ring flashed, and the mouth cried, "Kadeln! Kadeln! Aid me! By our pact, aid me!" The dragon lumbered forward, extending claws to rend the snake that was rapidly becoming another black dragon. Another pace, and another .. . and the dragon that was Elminster reached out and slashed with one black- taloned claw to rend still-forming scales. Blood spattered, and the magelord- turned-dragon squalled in pain. Elminster extended his head to bite down hard on the other dragon's neck and end this wizard for good-but suddenly a mage stood beside the still- growing dragon, where the only crushed grass had been a moment before.

Elminster had a glimpse of this new magelord's dark, glittering eyes as he reared and backed hastily away. The wizard was already casting a spell; there was no time to shift shape into something else. Elminster beat his wings once to hurl the man off his feet and ruin his spell, but tree limbs got in the way. He was still struggling to lunge forward and bite down on the newcomer when something streaked from the mage's outthrust hand, and roaring fire erupted on all sides and rolled over him. El's curse of pain came out as a rumble as he hastily backed away, turned, and lashed out with his tail so the magelord had to dive ingloriously into the dirt to avoid being struck. El grunted and bounded aloft. This body was heavy and ungainly, but the large wings beat strongly.

He put some effort into flight, and the wind was whistling past his head when he turned and plunged back down through the air in a dive, waiting for just the right moment to spit acid.

The other dragon was almost fully formed now, but thrashing about in pain, all tangled up under the trees. El could deal with this fire-hurling wizard first! Snarling, Elminster roared down out of the sky, teeth flashing. The wizard's hands were making complicated passes-and then he leapt back to watch in triumph ... and Elminster knew sudden fear. He tried to unfold a wing and veer away-but couldn't! His wings were bound by magic! Helplessly he plunged down into the trees, bracing himself for the crash he knew would come. The wind whistled past him. And then he saw his true doom. Before him a shimmering wall of bright, swirling colors was growing; a rainbow of deadly magic directly in his path. El could only turn his eyes in horror to look at the magelord who stood watching as he fell to death.
