=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 283
characters  : elminster, helm stoneblade
events      : Elminster renounces throne and appoints Helm as king of Athalantar
location    : athalantar
=== CONTENT ===
They are the knights of Athalantar, and mark he who leads them-Helm Stoneblade, a true knight of Athalantar!" Elminster rose from the throne and came to stand beside her. The two glanced at each other, smiled, nodded-and the hawk-nosed man strode into the midst of the dumbfounded armed band. Blades swung to point his way, but no one struck a blow. Elminster walked up to Helm. "Surprised, old friend?" Helm nodded, unspeaking. His dirt-smudged, sweating face wore a look of astonishment and a little awe. Elminster smiled at him, and then looked around at the crowd and said loudly, "By right of arms, and my lineage, the Stag Throne is rightfully mine! Yet I know well that I am not suited for it. One better suited to rule stands here before you!

Folk of Athalantar, kneel and do homage to your new king-Helm of Athalantar!" Helm and his men stood amazed. A ragged cheer rose and then died away

again. Even in Hastarl, clasped most tightly in the fist of the magelords, folk had heard of the daring rebel of the backlands. Elminster embraced Helm, tears in his eyes, and said, "My father is avenged. The land I leave to you." "But-why?" Helm asked in disbelief. "Why give up yer throne?" Elminster laughed, traded glances again with Myrjala, and said, "I'm a mage, now, and proud of it. Sorcery is ... well, it feels right to me. Working with it is what I do, and was meant to do.

I'll have little time for the care a realm needs, and even less patience for intrigue and pomp." He smiled crookedly and added, "More than this: I think Athalantar's had enough of wizards ruling things for a long time." Heartfelt murmurs of agreement were heard all around the chamber, as the doors burst open and a band of ruffians stared into the chamber, swords glittering in their hands. Farl and Tassabra stood at the head of the thieves of the Velvet Hand. El waved merrily to them; Helm shook his head, as if seeing troubles in the days ahead, sighed-and then, as if he could not stop himself, smiled. "There is one thing we would like before we go," Myrjala purred as she stepped up to them both. Helm eyed her warily. "Aye, Lady?" "A feast, of course.
