=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 96
characters  : farl, elminster
events      : Escape and fight against Moonclaws in street
location    : street, alley
=== CONTENT ===
Farl leapt high to avoid the man's thrust, landed with both feet atop the blade, and jumped down on the swordwielder's arm, burying his dagger in that face before the man even had time to cry out. As El jumped to the cobbles beside them, staggering under the weight of their booty, Farl tugged his dagger free and hurled it into the night, which seemed to be full of running men and drawn swords. It struck the brow of a hireguard, who cursed, clutched at the streaming blood, and ran. Farl scooped up the long sword that had fallen from the shattered arm of his first victim and hissed, "Come on, out o' this!" They ran to the right, toward one of the rising side streets where folk dwelt who were too respectable to live in hovels but not rich enough to have walls around their homes.

Daggers flashed and spun in the night on all sides, but the Moonclaws hadn't a decent blade-tosser among them. It seemed the guards had been inept, or spineless, or paid off: the fight was over. All the other folk yet alive in the street were Moonclaws. Farl and El didn't waste breath on curses. They dodged from side to side

erratically to discourage the Moonclaws' archer and plunged along the street, puffing for breath. The expected humming of a seeking arrow came to their ears accompanied by a startled curse from close behind them. The arrow wobbled past them strangely; Farl frowned at it and looked back. A Moon- claws man who'd been pursuing them was stumbling and rubbing at his shoulder. "Dare they . . . shoot again?" El gasped. "With . . . their own folk..." "Hasn't stopped 'em yet," Farl puffed. "Keep dodging!" The next arrow came as they reached the top of the street and turned aside to duck along an alley, crouching low. The humming grew louder, and they both dived to the cobbles. The arrow whipped low over them, and cracked into some shutters across the way just as a patrol of armsmen shouldered out of the alley, halberds held high.

The patrol-captain peered down in the dim- ness at the two men sprawled in front of him and snapped, "Get that light up here! Something befalls! Swords ou-" The Moonclaws had a second archer, it seemed. His shaft hit home with a solid thump-and the captain gurgled, spun around, and plunged to the cobbles, strangling on the long, dark shaft through his throat. Farl and El rolled to their feet while startled armsmen were still wrestling their halberds down, and ran down the alley past the patrol, hooking the feet out from under the only armsman who tried to block their path. As the soldier crashed to the cobbles, Farl swarmed up a draper's outside wooden staircase, with El close behind. The roof was an easy leap up from the rail, but slippery with puddles of rainwater.
