=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 245
characters  : ithboltar, undarl, ildryn, malanthor, alarashan, briost, chantlarn, seldinor, taraj, kadeln
events      : Ithboltar contacts fellow mages about two rival strangers
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
Tiny motes of light began to sparkle and pulse in the web of jewels. Lights played back and forth among the gems as the old man mouthed silent words and traced unseen sigils ... and the skullcap slowly faded into invisibility. When it was entirely gone, he opened his eyes. The pupils had become a flat, brightly glowing red. Staring unseeing into the distance, the old man spoke into the crystal. "Undarl. Ildryn. Malanthor. Alarashan. Briost. Chantlarn." Each name brought an image into the air above his head. Looking up, he saw six mages approach their own crystals and lay hands on them. They were his, now. He smiled, slowly and coldly, as the magic of his crown reached out to grip their wills. "Speak, Ithboltar," one wizard said abruptly. "What befalls, Old One?" another asked, more respectfully.

"Colleagues," he began quietly, and then added, "students." It never hurt to remind them. "We are endangered by two stranger-mages." From his

mind rose images of the young, hawk-nosed one and the tall, slim woman with the dark eyes. "Two? A boy and a woman? Old One, have you plunged asudden into your dotage?" Chantlarn asked scornfully. "Ask yourself, wise young mage," Ithboltar said, his words mild and precise, "where Seldinor is now? Or Taraj? Or Kadeln? And then think again." "Who are these two?" another magelord asked curtly. "Rivals from Calimshan, perhaps, or students of Those Who Fled from Netheril and flew far to the south... though I've seen the woman a time or two before, riding the lands west of here." "I've seen the boy," Briost said suddenly, "in Narthil. .. and thought him destroyed." "And now they are killing us, one by one," Ithboltar said with velvet calm. "Done scoffing, Chantlarn?

We must act together against them before others among us fall." "Ah, Old One-another frantic defense of the realm?" Malanthor's voice was exasperated. "Can it not wait until the morrow?" They all saw him look over his shoulder and smile reassuringly at someone they could not see. "Amusing your apprentices again, Malanthor?" Briost snorted. Malanthor made a rude gesture and stepped back from his crystal. "Until the morrow, then," Ithboltar said quickly. "I'll speak with all of you then." He broke contact, shaking his head. When had all his students, once eager to bend the world to their wills, become such spineless, self-indulgent fools? They'd always been reckless and arrogant, but now ... He shrugged. Perhaps they'd learn the error of their ways on the morrow, if the two strangers continued to strike down mage-lords.
