=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 49
characters  : elminster
events      : Attempted transformation and torture by unknown mage; saved by Broarn
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
I know ye want to," Elminster said, with more stern bravado than he felt. "Other magelords," the wizard quoted his own words mockingly, "have plans of their own." He laughed coldly. "As a prince of Athalantar, you have great value. If anything happens to Belaur-or it becomes necessary that something should happen to him-it would be very handy to have my own pet princeling hidden away, for use in the . . . unpleasantness that would ensue." The fork drifted a little nearer. "Of course, blindness won't hamper you when I transform you into ... a turtle, perhaps, or a slug. Even better, a maggot! You can feed on the gore of your friends the outlaws when we slay them. If we can't catch any, of course, you'll go hungry.. .." The mage's taunting voice trailed off into cold laughter.

Elminster found himself drenched with sudden sweat as cold fear wormed its way up into his throat. He hung in the air, trembling and helpless, and closed his eyes. An instant later, he felt them being forced open-and turned in their sockets

until he was staring helplessly at the wizard. He found he couldn't speak any longer or make any sound short of the whistle of his breath. "No screaming, now," the wizard said pleasantly. "We don't want you rousing the good folk of the inn-but I want to see your face when the fork goes in." Elminster could only stare in horror at the tine of the fork, looming closer, closer.... Behind the wizard, a side door swung silently open, and a stout man with a curling mustache leaned into the room, a heavy axe raised. He brought it down hard. There was a meaty thud, and the wizard's head lolled sideways as it was split. Blood flew-and Elminster and the fork both fell abruptly to the floor.

He was up in an instant, the Lion Sword in his hand, hurrying- "Back, my prince!" the man roared, throwing out one huge hand to ward him away. "He may have spells linked to his death!" The man himself took a pace back and watched the body narrowly, the bloody axe ready on his shoulder. Elminster watched, too, and saw the faint blue glows faded from everything except the mage's pendant. Then, slowly, he walked out of the stall. "That pendant is magical," he said quietly, "but I can see nothing else. My thanks." The man bowed. "An honor, if you are what the magelord called you." "I am," Elminster replied. "I am Elminster, son of Elthryn, who is dead. Helm Stoneblade said I could trust you ... if you are the one called Broarn." The man bowed again. "I am.
