=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 126
characters  : elmara, braer
events      : First meeting and mentorship between Elmara and Braer.
location    : high forest
=== CONTENT ===
It's to make you love magic, for itself, not for what you can do with it." "Why," Elmara asked in the elven manner, reflected fire dancing in her eyes as her gaze met his, "should a man or a maid love magic?" Her teacher remained silent, as he did all too often for her liking. They looked into each other's eyes until finally she added, "I would think that leads to bent men who wall themselves up in little rooms and become crabbed and crazed, chasing some elusive spell or detail of magecraft, and wasting their lives away." "In some, it does," Braer agreed. "But love of magic is more necessary for those who worship Mystra-priests of the goddess, if you will, though most see no difference between such folk and mages-than it is for wizards. One must love magic to properly revere magic." Elmara frowned a little.

There were a few gray hairs in her long, unruly black mane now; she'd studied magic for two winters through at Braer's side, praying to Mystra each night. . . without reply. Hastarl and her days as a thief seemed almost a dream to her now, but she could still remember the

faces of the magelords she'd seen. "Some folk worship out of fear. Is their respect any the less?" The elf nodded. "It is," he said simply, "even if they do not know it." He rose, as smooth and silent as ever. "Now put away that fire and come and help me find evenfeast." He strode away through the trees, knowing she'd follow. Elmara rose, smiled a little, and did so. They spent their days thus, talking while she practiced magic under his direction, and then foraging in the forest for food. Once the elf had shown her how to take the shape of a wolf, then bounded off to run down a stag, with her stumbling along behind. In all their days to- gether, she'd never seen him do anything but guide her, though he left her side every nightfall and did not return until dawn.

He always chose the spot where she slept, and her mage-sight told her he cast some sort of magical ring about her. Braer never seemed tired, or dirty, or less than patient. His garb never changed, and there was never a day when he did not come to her. She saw no other elves, or anyone else . . . though he'd once confirmed they were somewhere in the High Forest, supposedly home to the greatest kingdom of elves in all Faerun. On her first morning in the forest, he'd brought her a rough gown of animal hide, glossy high boots of unexpected quality, a thong for tying the Lion Sword around her neck (she kept it wrapped in a skin to avoid cutting her breast), and a trowel for digging her own privy-holes.
