Elmara leapt away from the horse even before the wizard toppled from the saddle; Gartos was very quick. He'd realized where El's magic had taken her, wheeled, and his blade was already cutting the air above the magelord's high-cantled saddle. Elmara landed hard, jumped to one side to still the speed of her leap, and peered at the wand she'd snatched. Ah, there! Hooves were thudding toward her as Elmara looked up, pointed the wand, and carefully spoke the word that was scratched on its butt-end. Light pulsed and hissed away from the wand in a pair of bolts that swerved in the air to strike Prince Gartos full in the face. He threw back his head, snarled in pain, and slashed blindly with his blade as his horse galloped forward. Elmara leapt and rolled, and came up well to one side.

She pointed the wand at the armored figure rushing past and spoke the word again. Light flashed again and sped to its target. The gleaming armored arms jerked in pain. The warrior's sword spun away to the turf as his mount bucked under him and then galloped away, fleeing in earnest now. Elmara

saw sleepy-eyed folk gaping at her out of their doorways as she dropped the wand to the road at her feet, pointed her hands at the horse, and spoke a few soft words. The prince fell from his saddle, rolled over once with a mighty crash, and lay still. The horse sped on into the rising dawn. El retrieved the wand, cast a quick look around for other foes, saw none, and stalked over to where the warrior lay. Gartos lay on his back, face dark with pain and fury. "I have other questions, warrior," Elmara said. "What brings armsmen of Athalantar to Narthil?" Gartos snarled angrily and wordlessly up at her. Elmara raised her eyebrow, and lifted her hands warningly to begin the gestures of a spell. Gartos watched her fingers move, and rumbled, "S-Stay your spell.

I was ordered to find the one who slew some magelings at the Unicorn's Horn, west of here ... you?" Elmara nodded. "I defeated them and sent them away; they may yet live. How is it that a prince of the realm gets ordered anywhere?" The warrior's lips twisted wryly. "Even the king does the bidding of the elder magelords-and the king made me a prince." "Why?" The fallen man shrugged. "He trusted me . . . and needed to give me the right to command armsmen without having any young fool of a magelord strike down my orders or slay me out of spite." Elmara nodded.