Dlartarnan was already across the chamber and at the nearest of its two closed doors, prying at the frame with his blade. " 'Tis locked," he snarled, putting his weight behind his blade, "but if-" There was a loud snapping sound. Blue fire burst from the door, racing briefly up and down the frame. Smoke rose from the blackened thing that had been Dlartarnan of Belanchor before it fell to the floor. The warrior's ashes rolled away in dark gray swirls as his bones bounced on the flagstones. The skull rolled over once and came to a stop grinning up at them

reproachfully. They stared down at the remains, stunned. "Tyche watch over his soul," the Hand of Tyche whispered, lips trembling. As if in answer, Dlartarnan's twisted, half-melted sword fell out of the door. With a cry like the sob of a young maiden, it struck the flagstones and shattered. Elmara swayed, then fell to her knees and was sick. The comforting hand Ithym put on her shoulder trembled violently. "Perhaps a spell to try to open the other one?" Gralkyn suggested, voice high. Asglyn nodded. "I have a battleshatter that may serve," he said quietly, "Tempus willing." He bent his head briefly in prayer, leveled one hand at the remaining door, and murmured a phrase under his breath. There was a splintering crash. The door shook, but did not burst.

Dust fell from the ceiling here and there, and a long, jagged crack split the flagstones with a sharp sound that smote their ears like a hammer. The Blades reeled back, staring, as the crack raced out from the base of the tomb toward the door. Asglyn was running away, face tight with fear, when sudden fire blazed up from his limbs. "Nooo!" he cried, sprinting vainly across the chamber. "Tempussss!" Flames roared up to scorch the domed ceiling high overhead, and when they died away, the priest of Tempus was gone. Into the shocked silence, Tarthe said, "Back-out of this place. That magic came from the tomb!" Tharp was nearest the passage back to the balcony, so it was only a breath later that he plunged through the doorway-and froze in mid-stride, limbs trembling under the attack of some unseen force.