Nine THE WAY OF A MAGE The way of a mage is a dark and lonely one. This is why so many wizards fall early into the darkness of the grave-or later into the endless twilight of undeath. Such bright prospects are why the road to mastery of magecraft is always such a crowded one. Jhalivar Thrunn Trail Tales of the North Year of the Sundered Shields A flame was suddenly dancing above the rock, in air that had been empty a moment before. Elmara caught her breath. "Mystra?" she asked, and the flame seemed to brighten for a moment in response-but then it faded away into nothingness, and there was no other reply. Elmara sighed and knelt beside the pool. "I hoped for something more." "A little less pride, lass," Braer murmured, touching her elbow.

" "'Tis more than most of my folk ever see of the Lady." She looked at him curiously. "Just how many of the People worship Mystra?" "Not many ... we have our own gods, and most of us have always preferred to turn our back on the rest of the world and all its unpleasantnesses and keep to the old ways. The problem is that the rest of the world always seems to reach out and thrust blades into our backsides while we're trying to ignore it." El grinned at his words, despite their tragic meaning." 'Backsides'? I never thought to hear an elf say that." Braer's mouth crooked. "I never thought to see a human hear an elf say it, if it comes to that.

Do you still think of us as unearthly tall and thin noble creatures, gliding around above it all?" "I-aye, I suppose I do." The elf shook his head. "We have you fooled with the rest, then. We're as earthy and as untidy as the forest. We are the forest, lass. Try not to forget that as you walk out into the world of men." " 'Walk out'?" Elmara frowned at him. "Why d'ye say that?" "I can't help but read your thoughts, Lady. You've been happier here than ever before in your short life-but you know you've learned all you can here that'll make of yourself a better blade against the magelords . . . and you