Seven THE ONE TRUE SPELL In ancient days, sorcerers sought to learn the One True Spell that would give them power over all the world and understanding of all magic. Some said they'd found it, but such men were usually dismissed as crazed. I saw one of these "crazed" mages myself. He could ignore spells cast at him as if they did not exist, or work any magic himself by silent thought alone. I did not think he was mad-but at peace, driven by urges and vices no longer. He told me the One True Spell was a woman, that her name was Mystra-and that her kisses were wonderful. Halivon Tharnstar, Avowed of Mystra Tales Told To A Blind Wizard Year of the Wyvern The night was warm and still. Elminster took a deep breath and counted out most of what Farl had insisted he take. He owed a debt.

. . and besides, the other matter he meant to see to this night would probably kill him. Then it would be too late to pay any debts. When he was done, he was looking at a heap of coins-a hundred regals, bright in the moonlight. In the sun, come morn, they'd blaze their true gold color . . . but he'd probably not be around to see them, one way or another. Elminster shrugged. At least his life was his own again, and he was free to pursue any folly he desired. So, of course, he reflected wryly, here he was, bent on one last thiefly act. He slung the coins together in the sack-tight, so they'd not clink-and set off over the rooftops in search of a certain bedchamber.

The shutters were open to let in any breezes that might drift by, to cool a sleeping bridal couple whose furnishings failed by far to match those of the Trumpettowers. Elminster had been delighted to hear of their betrothal, even if it would cost him most of the coins he'd worked for. He stole in over the sill like a purposeful shadow and grinned down at them. The bridal garter was exquisite, a little thing of lace and silken ribbon. Impishly, Elminster reached down and stroked it. Take it, as a trophy? But no-he was a thief no more. Shandathe stirred as she felt the light touch high on her thigh. Yet deep in dreams, she stretched out a hand to the familiar warm and hairy bulk of Hannibur, snoring as deep as any drunken tavern-singer could. As Elminster