"Who was the wizard with ye?" "Magelord Eth-my watchdog, set by the magelords to make sure I don't do anything for Belaur that might work against them." "Ye make Belaur seem a prisoner." "He is," Gartos said simply, and Elmara saw his eyes dart aside, this way and that, looking for something. "Tell me more of this Magelord Eth," Elmara said, taking a step forward and drawing the wand from her belt. It would be best to keep this warrior talking and give him no time to plot an attack. Gartos shrugged again. "I know little; the magelords don't care to say much about themselves. He's called 'Stoneclaw;' he slew an umber hulk with his spells when he was young . . . but that's about all I... Thaerin!" At the warrior's shout, magical radiance pulsed. Elmara turned hastily-in time to see the rune-carved blade flashing toward her, point first.

She leapt aside. The warrior snarled, "Osta! Indruu hathan halarl! and the blade veered in the air, darting straight at Elmara. She let go the wand and raised her hands desperately-and the blade cut

right through them, searing aside her fingers to plunge deep into her. Elmara screamed. The dawn sky whirled around her as she staggered back, blood welling up, fought to speak, and fell back onto the turf, greater pain than she'd ever known hissing through her. She heard a cold chuckle from Gartos as darkness rolled in, and fought with all her will to cling to something . . . anything ... With her last breath she gasped, "Mystra, aid me ..." ***** Prince Gartos struggled to his feet. He felt weak and sick inside and couldn't feel his feet at all... but they seemed to obey him. Grunting, he took a few unsteady steps and sat down, armor clanking. Narthil spun around him. "Easy," he muttered, shaking his head. "Easy, now ..." His men lay strewn along the road, with not a horse in sight.

"Thaerin," he grunted, "Agios!" Gartos extended his hand, watched the blade tug itself free of the dead woman and drift, dark and wet, to his waiting grasp. Young witch, who did she think she was to defy Athalantar's magelords? He fumbled at his gorget, got it aside, and grasped the amulet beneath, closing his eyes and trying to concentrate on the remembered face of Mage-lord Ithboltar.... Firm fingers swept his aside. His eyes flew open, and he was staring up at the innkeeper's white, frightened face as she thrust a dagger into his throat and drew it firmly across. Blood sprayed. Prince Gartos struggled to swallow, could not, and tried to raise his blade. Its glowing runes dancing before his eyes, mocking him, were the last things he saw as he sank down into darkness....