disappeared about four summers ago." "Dead?" Helm shrugged. "That, or held captive somewhere by the magelords so they have another blood heir of Uthgrael in their power should anything happen to Belaur." Elminster reached for the flask; Helm handed it over. The youth drank carefully, sneezed once, and handed it back. He licked his lips, and said, "Ye don't make it sound a noble thing to be a prince of Athalantar." Helm shrugged. "It's for every prince, himself, to make it a noble thing; a duty most princes these days seem to forget." Elminster looked down at the Lion Sword, which had somehow found its way into his hands again. "What should I do now?" Helm shrugged. "Go west, to the Horn Hills, and run with the outlaws there. Learn how to live hard, an' use a blade-an' kill.

Your revenge, lad, isn't catching one mage in a privy an' running a sword up his backside-the gods have set ye up against far too many princes an' wizards an' hired lickspittle armsmen for that. Even if they all lined up and presented their behinds, your arm'd grow tired before the job was done." He sighed and added, "Ye spoke truth when ye said it'll be your life's work. Ye have to be less the dreamy boy an' more the knight, an' somehow keep well clear of magelords until ye've learned how to stay alive more'n one battle, when the armsmen of Athalantar come looking to kill ye. Most of 'em aren't much in a fight-but right now, neither are ye. Go to the hills and offer your blade to the outlaws at least two winters. In the cities, everything is under the hand-an' the taint-of wizards.

Evil rules, and good men must needs be outlaws-or corpses-if they're to stay good. So be ye an outlaw an' learn to be a good one." He did not quite smile as he added, "If ye survive, travel Faerun until ye find a weapon sharp enough to slay Neldryn-and then come back, and do it." "Slay who?" "Neldryn Hawklyn-probably the most powerful of the mage-lords." Elminster eyed him with sudden fire in his blue-gray eyes. "Ye said ye knew no names of magelords! Is this what a knight of Athalantar calls 'truth'?" Helm spat aside, into the darkness. "Truth?" He leaned forward. "Just what is 'truth,' boy?" Elminster frowned. "It is what it is," he said icily. "I know of no hidden meanings." "Truth," Helm said, "is a weapon. Remember that." Silence hung between them for a long moment, and then Elminster said,