"And as a magelord may notice me and 'tis never wise to reveal all one's strengths too soon, ye'd best stay out of sight." The dark-eyed sorceress nodded. "Yet in case the magelords come down on you in earnest, I'd best accompany you-in other shapes than my own, of course-to fight at your side if need be." El smiled at her. "I'd not want to be parted from ye now, to be sure.

Should we try to raise the common folk of the realm to our cause?" Then he answered his own question. "Nay, they'd flee before the first spell hurled against them, and once roused would strike out blindly until as much ruin is spread across the realm as if enraged magelords were using spells without restraint . . . and whether we won or lost, they'd die by the hundreds, like sheep led to slaughter." Myrjala nodded. "You were first trained in magic by the elves ... they would seem the most important allies to gain." El frowned. "They use their magic to aid, nurture, and reshape, not to blast things in battle." Myrjala lifted her shoulders in a shrug. "If all you're seeking in allies is folk to stand beside you and add battle-spells to your own, much of the realm will be riven in the struggle.

You need to find folk with strengths you lack ... and their decision to aid you or not will shape everything; you need to know if they'll stand with you before you contact the others. Moreover, you know where to find the elves ... with less likelihood of a mage-lord watching than in Hastarl or the Horn Hills." Elminster nodded. "Good sense. When should we begin?" "Now," Myrjala replied crisply. They traded grins. A moment later, two tankards settled onto an empty table. The tavernkeeper, frowning anxiously, hurried over to the sound-and glumly collected the two tankards from the bare board. They rattled. He peered in. A silver coin lay at the bottom of each. He brightened, shrugged, and tipped the coins, sticky with beer-foam, into his hand. Juggling them, he headed back for the bar. These wizards' coins'd spend as well as any . . .