Not so easily done. She could hardly hope to cast a spell right underneath a magelord-even a magelord in the throes of passion-without being heard. And then she heard him grunt, above her head, and say, "Ahhh, yes, by all the gods! Now out, girl-out! I've work to do yet ere I sleep! Stay, mind-I'll be back out for you later!" The bolt was opened, and then the door, and then she heard both being put back again. Elmara tensed under the bed. She had a few slaying spells- but a sphere of flames is little use if one wants to survive a fight in a small room... still less if one wants to do it without alerting a fortress full of armed men. She also had something smaller; a fleshflame. Hmmm.

And then the curtains in front of her were jerked aside, and a kneeling man thrust his head in under the bed, seeking his riches. He stared in amazement at Elmara, as her hands shot out and grasped his head by both ears, drawing her toward him. "Greetings," she purred, murmured the few words that called up the magic, and kissed him. Flame spat from her parted lips into the incoherently struggling magelord. He stiffened, clutched at her convulsively, and then sagged to the carpet, teeth clicking as his chin hit the floor. Smoke drifted from the dead wizard's mouth and ears as she dragged the chest over to him, opened it again, and left him kneeling with his head in it. When he was found, perhaps they'd think something inside it slew him. Coolly, Elmara rose from under the bed. The door was closed and bolted. Good.

She ducked back under the bed, and took out the spellbook. Flipping through it rapidly, she found the wizards' spell she wanted. It was very similar to the prayer-spell that Braer had taught her. Kneeling with the book open before her, she prayed fervently to the Lady of Mysteries. Brightness seemed to flare inside her-and abruptly she was standing just outside her ward in the meadow, the spellbook in her hands. "Thanks be, Mystra," she told the stars, and went in. ***** The spicy scent of turtle soup wafted through the cave. Intent on keeping it from burning, Elmara barely heard the faint voice from behind her. "Who-who are you?" She turned to see the sorceress truly awake for the first time. Large, hollow eyes stared into her own. The sorceress reached up a hand to brush matted hair aside, and that hand trembled.

There must have been something on that crossbow quarrel. Even with the potions, the sorceress had been a long time recovering.