More than once, El and Farl had agreed she must be an accomplished thief, or if she wasn't, was as accomplished at skulking as the best of them. Her large, dark eyes looked up past his belt buckle at Elminster-and he felt the need to swallow, his throat suddenly dry. "Coins to lend, Eladar the Dark? Have ye-coins to spend?" Her voice was husky, her eyes hungry.... Elminster made a helpless little sound of need deep in his throat and dipped his hand to his sleeve, whose cuff was stuffed with gold pieces. "One or two," he managed, in a voice that was not quite steady. Her eyes danced. "One or two, my lord? I'm sure I heard ye say three or four . .. aye, four gold. One for each of the delights I'll give thee." She licked his hand, the lightest of velvet touches in his palm.

Elminster trembled. Then he was shoved rudely aside. Whirling, he found himself looking into the cold grin of a burly bodyguard in livery. The man held up spiked gauntlets in warning, and El saw another bodyguard beyond him. Between them, in his own little ring of light provided by a small oil-lamp held above

him on a curving pole by a weary servant, stood a short, pouty-looking man in flame-orange silks. His reddish hair fell in well-oiled ringlets to stain the silken shoulders of his open-fronted shirt. On his hairless chest was a lump of gold as large as a man's fist: a lion's head frozen in an endless, silent snarl, as it hung on a heavy gold chain. Rings of many gems and metals glittered and flashed on his fingers- two and three baubles to each digit, El noted with disgust, and all of it real. He exchanged glances with Farl over Budaera's shocked face, and then the man thrust his codpiece, adorned with an openwork ivory and gold sheath that made it look like the figurehead of a very decadent Calishite pleasure- barge, right into Shandathe's face. "Too busy, my little lass?" he drawled, and snapped his fingers.

The servant with the lamp put a purse in them, and the man lazily spilled a dozen or so gold pieces down the front of Shandathe's gown. "Or have you time enough for a real man ... with real gold to spend?" "How many years does my lord want to spend with me?" Shandathe breathed in reply, lifting her hands in welcome. The man grinned tightly, and gestured to his bodyguards. They reached out brutal spiked hands to clear the corner, ignoring the sudden, shrill protests of the other ladies. One laid hold of Budaera's ankle, and hauled her off Farl to a hard landing on the floor. She squealed in pain, and anger rode high in Farl's face as he rose from the bench. "Just who in Hastarl do you think you are?" he addressed the perfumed man.