These young bucks'd not prance so free nor be so fast to smash things and upset all, if they had to spend a tenday in my-or any maid's!-place, cleaning up and setting to rights and mending!" " 'Ware!" a man said warningly, and all around Elmara folk drew back as the three horsemen came trotting up. The young woman stood calmly awaiting them. At her unmoving stance, the old man in the tabard of purple adorned with silver moonflowers reined in his mount and said, "I am Aunsiber, lord steward of Narthil. Who are ye, who here work spells against lawful armsmen and mages of the realm?" Elmara nodded in polite greeting.

"One who would prefer to see wizards help folk, not rule them-who would prefer a king whose rule meant peace, stability, and help in harvesting, not taxes, ceaseless strife, and brutality." Not surprisingly, there was a murmur of agreement from the watching

townsfolk all around. The steward uneasily eyed the crowd, sidestepping his restless mount. His voice, when it came, was derisive. "A dream." Elmara inclined her head. "As yet, 'tis-and not my only one." The old man looked down from his high saddle and asked, "And your others, young dreamer?" "Just one," Elmara replied mildly. "Revenge." She raised both her hands as if to cast a spell-and the old man's face paled. He jerked at his reins, wheeled his mount in a nervous flurry of snorts and hooves, and set off back to the keep at a gallop. There were some hoots and exultant yells from the crowd, but Elmara turned away without another word and went back into the inn. "What'd she say?" one man was asking as she stepped through the door. A woman sitting nearby leaned forward and said loudly, "Did ye not hear?

Revenge." Then she saw Elmara was in the room and fell silent, a silence that suddenly hung tense and expectant over the whole room. El gave the woman a gentle smile and went to the bar. "Is that beer ready yet?" she asked calmly, and was pleased to hear at least one man behind her dare to chuckle aloud. *   *   *   *   * Briost was not having a good day. He burst out of his grand council chamber the moment the messenger had gone. The apprentice who'd been trying to eavesdrop by means of a just-perfected spell stiffened guiltily; his master's face was dark with anger. "Go and practice hurling fireballs," Briost snapped, "or what spells you will. I'm called away on the king's business.