"The wine's all gone," a pettish female voice complained, from the bath on the other side of the curtain. "Well, get some more," the magelord replied from the other end of the bath. "You know where it is." Water splashed. Farl's fingers closed on the ring-and a wet, long-fingered hand reached through the curtain, closing on ... Farl's knuckle! Farl snatched his hand away and spun. The time for stealth was past. The woman screamed piercingly. Yes, long past. Farl heard the magelord's startled curse as he sprinted for the jakes. "Get me out of here!" he snarled, vaulting a low chair. "Now!" There was a chorus of splashing sounds from behind him, and a man's voice, chanting quickly.

Farl cursed despairingly. "Elminster!" he cried, dodging around a table. Then he felt a tingling in his limbs. He faltered, saw light flickering around him like dancing flames, and then fell through the door into the jakes. Lie still, a calm elven voice said in his mind. Farl shivered, and did so. What other chance did he have? "Shielded!" the magelord spat in disbelief. "A spell-shielded thief in my own chambers! What's this realm coming to, anyway?" Dripping, he strode across the room, tiny blue lightnings playing between his hands. "Well, I think I'll get a few answers before he dies ... Nanatha, bring me some of that wine too!" Oh, gods help me, Farl prayed, forehead on the floor. El, where are you? I knew this would h- There was a sudden burst of light, and then a disgusted sigh. "Right in the chamberpot," Elminster told the room angrily.

"It's not that small a room, but I have to appear right in the-" "Who in the Nine Blazing Hells are you?" Malanthor was flabbergasted; there were not one, but two intruders in his jakes, and with no sign of how they got there. He shook his head, but decided not to wait for a reply. Blue lightnings spat from his fingertips. They struck the hawk-nosed man-wait! This was one of the mages Ithboltar had been gibbering about!-and rebounded, leaping back at the magelord before he had time to do anything. They struck home. Malanthor grunted as his body was hurled back, jerking and spasming uncontrollably, and fell backward over a couch. Nanatha screamed again. "Alabaertha . . . shumgolnar," he gasped, writhing on the carpet. Chantlarn'd demand a high price for this aid, but it was call on their pact-link or die! "Myr?" El called.