Twenty armsmen- all I dare spare-ride with them to the Horn, and from there act as necessary to hunt these outlaws with magic and destroy them." They stared at each other for a long, chill moment, and then, slowly, Magelord Kadeln Olothstar smiled-thinly, but the swordmaster had wondered if the man knew how. "A stout plan, indeed, Swordmaster. I knew we could agree on something this day." He looked north over the snow-clad farms across the river for a moment, then added, "I hope a suitable sledge can be speedily found rather than one that comes not or must be built and finds us still preparing come spring." The swordmaster pointed down over the battlements with one gauntleted hand. "See the logs there by the mill?

One of those cutters beneath 'em can be free by tonight, and a pair of the huts we use to cover the wells lashed atop it before morn." The wizard smiled softly, a snake contemplating prey that cannot escape. "Then in the morn they'll set out. You shall have twelve mages, Swordmaster-one of them Magelord Landorl Valadarm." The warrior nodded, wondering privately whether Landorl was a fumbling dolt or someone who had simply earned Kadeln's displeasure. He hoped for the latter. Then this Landorl might at least be useful if the gods-cursed outlaws attacked the cutter. The two men smiled tightly at each other, there on the battlements, and then both turned their backs deliberately to show they dared to and strode slowly away with a show of casual unconcern. Their every step told the world they were strong men, free of all fear.

The battlements of Sarn Torel stood still and silent, unimpressed, as they would stand when both men were long in their graves. It takes a lot to impress a castle wall. ***** Elminster was happily blowing on scorched fingers, licking the last scraps

of horseflesh from them, when one of the watchers burst into the cavern and gasped out, "Patrol! Found the way in-killed Aghelyn, an' prob'ly more. Some o' them ran straight back to tell where we lair!" All over the cavern men swore and scrambled to their feet, shouting. Sargeth cut through the din with a bellow. "Crossbows and blades; all but Mauri. The lads and the wounded, stand guard in the glowcavern-all others with me, now!" As they ran through the darkness, swearing and ringing their weapons off the unseen stone in their haste, Sargeth added, "Brerest! Eladar! Try to get clear of the fight here and go after those who're running back to the wizards- you're the fastest afoot of all here old enough to swing a real blade.