caught fire. His home was only a blackened area and drifting ashes; beyond, the butcher's shop had fallen into the street, a mass of half-burnt timbers and smashed belongings. The dragon had gone; Elminster was alone with the dead. Grimly, Elminster searched the village. He found corpses, tumbled or fried among the ruins of their homes, but not a soul that yet lived. Of his mother and father there was no sign... but he knew they'd not have fled. It was only when he turned, sick at heart, toward the meadow-where else could he go?-that he stepped on something amid the ashes that lay thick on the road: the half-melted hilt of the Lion Sword. He took it up in hands that trembled. All but a few fingers of the blade were burnt away, and most of the proud gold; blue magic coursed no longer about this remnant.

Yet he knew the feel of the worn hilt. El clutched it to his breast, and the world suddenly wavered. Tears fell from his sightless eyes for a long time as he knelt among the ashes in the street and the patient sun moved across the sky. At some point he must have fallen senseless, for he roused at the creeping touch of cold to feel hard cobbles under his cheek. Sitting up, he found dusk upon the ruin of Heldon, and full night coming down from the High Forest. His numb hands tingled as he fumbled with the sword hilt. Elminster got to his feet slowly, looking around at what was left of his home. Somewhere nearby, a wolf called and was answered. Elminster looked at the useless weapon he held, and he shivered.

It was time to be gone from this place, before the wolves came down to feed. Slowly he raised the riven Lion Sword to the sky. For an instant it caught the last feeble glow of sunset, and Elminster stared hard at it and muttered, "I shall slay that wizard, and avenge ye all-or die in the trying. Hear me ... Mother, Father. This I swear." A wolf howled in reply. Elminster bared his teeth in its direction, shook the ruined hilt at it, and started the long run back up to the meadow. As he went, Selune rose serenely over the dying fires of Heldon, bathing the ruins in bright, bone-white moonlight. Elminster did not look back. ***** He awoke suddenly, in the close darkness of a cavern he'd hidden in once when playing seek-the-ogre with other lads.

The hilt of the Lion Sword lay, hard and unyielding, beneath him. Elminster remained still, listening. Someone had said something, very nearby. "No sign of a raid ... no one sworded," came the sudden grave words, loud and close. Elminster tensed, lying still and peering into the darkness. "I suppose all the huts caught fire by themselves, then," another, deeper