"I-I tried to be a true prince!" The magelord whirled about. "What?" And then the spears were in the air, and Elminster glared into the wizard's eyes and hissed, "I curse thee, Ildru of the magelords, with my death and the-" He broke off in confusion. He hadn't expected to get this far in his curse, and he could see the wizard had raised his hands to weave some spell, crying out, "Wait! Stop! No spears!" He could also see the armsmen staring at him as if he were a dragon-a purple dragon with three heads and a maiden's body, at that! And the spears . . . they hung in the air, motionless, surrounded by pearly radiance. Elminster found he could move, and whirled around.

There were spears on all sides, aye, a deadly ring of points leaping in to transfix him, but they all hung motionless in the air, and by the look on the wizard's face, it was none of his doing. Elminster flung himself flat before this strange magic faded away. His move brought his face down low against the altar top, in time to see two floating eyes fade away, and a flame leap up from the bare stone. Armsmen shouted and backed away, and Elminster heard the magelord cry out in astonishment. The flame climbed, crackling, and then from it, bolts of flame roared out, consuming the spears where they hung. The spears became spars of flame that curled slowly and faded into smoke. Elminster watched, openmouthed. A golden radiance was stealing outward from the altar, now, washing over him. Arms-men shouted in real fear and backed away.

Elminster saw them turn and reach for blades and try to run, but they seemed to be shimmering and moving slowly, as if they were figures drifting in a dream. Slowly, and more slowly still the armsmen shifted as flames that did not burn them sprang up and surrounded their bodies. Then they stood still and silent, frozen and unseeing ... frozen in flames. Elminster spun around to look at the magelord. The wizard stood as still as the rest, golden flames flickering before his staring eyes. His mouth was open, and his hands raised in the gestures of a spell.. . but he moved not. What had befallen? The flame pulsed and twisted. Elminster whirled back to face its changing flickering, and it shaped itself into someone . . . someone tall and dark robed and shapely, who strolled calmly over to stand by the brazier.

A human woman ... a sorceress? Eyes of molten gold met his, and little flames danced in them. "Hail,