They raised knowing eyes and grins toward the ceiling and then toasted each other. "Ah, yes," Darrigo Trumpettower said, leering over his glass at a Glarmeir lass almost half his age and blowing his bristling mustache out of his wine with a practiced puff. "I remember well my wedding night-the first one, at least; I was sober for that one. 'Twas back in the Year of the Gorgon Moon, as I recall. ..." *   *   *   *   * A dark figure rose up from beneath the bed, crept across the room, and ducked behind a lounge onto which Peeryst had grandly tossed his boots, one after the other, not so long ago. The intruder was safely out of sight before the next two thieves in leathers burst in through the other two windows, raining fresh glass onto the thick fur rugs.

Peeryst and Nanue clutched each other, naked but not noticing anymore, and howled in fear, clawing at each other's backs in a frantic attempt to get going elsewhere- anywhere! The two fresh arrivals wore the same masks and tight leathers with breast- badges as the first one had. One was a woman, the other a man, and both were looking wildly about the room. "Where's she gone, then?" "Hush, Minter-you'll rouse the house." "Don't use my name, gods damn thy tongue!" They drew daggers from their boots and approached the terrified couple on the bed-who screamed and tried to burrow under the fur-trimmed silk sheets. "Hold, damn ye!" Minter reached for a fleeing foot, missed, and got hold of an ankle. He pulled. A vainly struggling Peeryst clawed at the sheets and

managed to drag them off his wife, who knelt on the bed and screamed again, piercingly. Across the room, a glass figurine shattered, causing the black-gloved hand that had been reaching up from behind the lounge for it to withdraw, with a hasty curse. Peeryst Trumpettower was hauled from the bed to bounce and then sprawl on the carpet at Minter's feet, gibbering in fear. Minter flipped him over, reflecting briefly on how ridiculous other naked men look, and snarled, "Where'd she go?" He waved his dagger under the man's nose for effect. "Wh-Who?" Peeryst shrieked. Minter pointed with his blade at the whirlwind that was his partner Isparla, who was plucking gem-coffers and silken underthings from the floor and tables around, and tossing them all onto one of the sheets on the floor.