mages to play with." "How so?" Gralkyn put in. "Yon book might be prayers to a god, or filled with writings that lead to treasure, or..." The warrior Dlartarnan gave him a sour look. "I know a spell-book when I see one," he grunted. "I did not ride all this way," Tarthe said crisply, "to turn back now-if there is a way back that won't kill us all. I also have no desire to ride back into that last inn empty-handed and have all the tankard-drainers there think us a pack of cowards who did nothing but ride out, eat a few rabbits in the wilderness, and ride home again, our untested blades rusting in their sheaths." "That's the spirit-" Ithym agreed, then added in a stage whisper "-that'll get us all killed." "Enough!" Elmara said.

"We're here now and face two choices: either we try to find another way onward, or we fight these things, for be in no doubt: all of those globes are spell-linked to the book, and those bone-hands, too." "One death is imminent," the warrior Tharp said in his deep, seldom-heard voice. "The other we can look for later." One of the priests held up his holy symbol. "Tyche bids the brave and true to chance glory," the Hand of Tyche said sharply. "Tempus expects adventurers to embrace battle, not slip away when strong foes threaten," agreed the Sword of Tempus. The priests exchanged glances and grim grins as they readied weapons. The thief Gralkyn sighed. "I knew riding with two battle-mad priests would bring us trouble, in depth and at speed." "And disappointment came not to you," Tarthe said, "for which you gave much thanks.

So you are now at peace, ready to speak of strategies against these globed beasts and not weasel words to try to get out of facing them!" There was a little silence as the Blades smiled mirthlessly at each other or displayed looks of unconcern, all trying-in vain- to hide the fear in their eyes. Elmara spoke into that quiet tension. "We are in the house of a mage, and as a worshiper of Mystra, I am closest among us to the mantle of wizardry. It is right that I make the first attack"- she swallowed, and they saw she was trembling with excitement and fear-"as I am the most likely of us to prevail against. . . what we face." "What are ye, Elmara-the Magister in fool form, perhaps, or the Sorcerer Supreme of all Calimshan, out for a lark?

Or are ye really just the soft-witted idiot ye sound to be?" Dlartarnan asked sourly. "Hold hard, now," Tarthe said warningly. "This is no time for dispute!" "When I'm dead," the warrior returned darkly, "it'll be just a blade-thrust