A few clumps of moss clung to it. Helm looked down at it and raised his brows in an unspoken question. "A scrying crystal. Used by human wizards," Ruvaen said flatly. "The magelords," Helm said grimly. "Where did ye find this?" "In a dell, not far from here," said the other elf, pointing off into the forest gloom. "One of your men hid it under moss," Ruvaen added. "When he wasn't using it." Helm Stoneblade let out his breath in a long sigh. "So they may know all our plans and be laughing at us now." The two elves did not need to answer. Ruvaen put the crystal gently into Helm's callused hand, touched his shoulder, and said, "We'll wait above, in the trees ... should you need us." Helm nodded, looking down at the crystal in his hand. Then he lifted his head to stare into the forest.

Who most often went off into the woods to relieve himself in that direction? His battered face changed, hardening. Helm thrust the crystal into the breast of his tunic, turned, and made a short barking sound. One of his men,

cutting up a deer some distance away, looked up. Their eyes met through the trees, and Helm nodded. The man turned and barked in his turn. Soon they were all gathered around: the score or so knights he'd brought with him into the depths of the High Forest. All who still dared swing a blade in defiance of the magelords, clinging to the thin shield of elven mystery and providing the Fair Folk a front line of blades and bows to keep the woodcutter's axes from hewing out a new and larger Athalantar unopposed. The magic of the elves cloaked them from the wizards who ruled Athalantar, but was ill suited to spell-battle . . . beyond quenching fires and hiding Folk, that is. The threat of greater elven spells had kept the magelords largely at bay, thus far, at least.

Lending Helm time to plan a rising that might-just might, with the gods' own luck-shatter this rule of wizards, and give him back the carefree Athalantar he'd fought for and loved, so long ago. So they'd fought, by night and the quick blade, and vanished back into the trees or perished under spell-torment, while the long years dragged on and Helm became ever more desperate ... as the Athalantar of his youth slowly faded away. The hard winters and the dead friends had hardened him and taught him patience. This crystal, now, changed things. If the magelords knew their numbers, names, schemes, and camps, they'd have to strike swiftly, now, or not at all... to have any chance at anything more than an unmarked grave and feeding the wolves. He waited, silent, stone-faced, until the most restless of his men-Anauviir, of course-spoke.