and as fast, more's the pity.... ***** El stopped when he came to the little knoll in the heart of the High Forest, knelt and murmured a prayer to Mystra, and then sat down on the flat stone beside the little pool. Almost immediately his spell-shield flickered as something unseen-an elf, no doubt-tested it, seeking to learn who he was. El stood, looking around at the duskwood, shadowtop, and blueleaf trees that pressed close about the knoll. "Well met!" he called cheerfully and sat down again. In patient silence he waited, so long a time that even an elf could grow restive. From the gloom beneath the trees strode a silent elf in mottled green, a strung bow in his hand. His face was still, but his eyes were not friendly. "Magelords aren't welcome here," he said, setting a shaft to his bow. Elminster made no move.

"I am a mage, but no magelord," he replied calmly.

The elf did not lower his bow. "Who else would know of this place?" As he spoke, seven more elven archers stepped out of the trees all around the knoll. The points of their aimed arrows glowed a vivid blue-too much magic for even the strongest shield to withstand. "I dwelt here a year and more," El replied, "learning magic." The silvery eyes hardened. "Not so," came the swift reply. "Speak truth, man, if you would live!" "Yet I dwelt here as I told ye, and what is more, six elves swore to aid me should I try to destroy the magelords." The elf's eyes narrowed. "I swore such aid, but to a woman, not to a man." "I am that woman," Elminster said firmly, and kept to his seat amid the merry laughter that followed. Then he looked mildly around at their scoffing faces.

"Ye use magic mightier than most mages but don't believe a wizard can take the shape of a man or a maid?" The elf's eyes flickered. "Not can't-won't," came his reply. "Humans never do such things for more than a night's lark, or a desperate escape. 'Tis not in their natures to be so strong in themselves." Elminster spread his empty hands slowly. "Tell Braer-Baerithryn-that I am stronger now than I was then . . . and the master of a few more spells." The elf's eyes flickered again before he turned his head. "Go," he said to one of the other archers, "and bring Baerithryn to us. If this man is who he claims to be, Baerithryn will know it-and tell us all we need to know of him, too." The archer turned and slipped back into the mushroom-studded dimness under the trees.