we can do better with thee." She looked down at the bed in front of her and tapped thoughtfully at the loose earth. "What must I do to begin?" Elmara asked, looking down at the dirt. There seemed to be nothing of interest there, but perhaps the priestess meant that she should tend plants, as Braer had wanted her to learn the ways of the woods. She looked around ... hadn't there been a shovel thrust into the earth nearby? As if the old woman could read her thoughts (as of course she doubtless could, El thought wryly) the priestess shook her head. "After all these years," she said, "I've learned how to do this right, lass. The last thing I need is eager but careless hands mucking in or a young, impatient tongue asking me questions morn and even through.

Nay, get ye gone." "Gone?" "Go and walk the world, lass; Mystra doesn't gather toothless, chanting men or maids to kneel to stones carved in her seeming. All Faerun around us is Mystra's true temple." She waved a bony hand. "Go and do as I bid, thus; and listen well, lass. Learn from mages, without yourself taking the title or spellhurling habits of a wizard. Spread word of the power of magic, its mysteries and lore; make folk you meet hunger to work magic themselves, and give those who seem most eager a taste of spellcasting, for no more payment than food and a place to sleep. Make maids and men into mages." El frowned doubtfully. "How shall I know when I'm doing right-is there anything I should not do?" The priestess shook her head. "Be guided by your own heart-but know that Mystra forbids nothing.

Go and experience everything that can befall a man and a maid in Faerun. Everything" El frowned again. Slowly, she turned away. That sharp voice came again. "Sit down and eat first, fool-head. Bitterness lends the weak-witted wings . .. always try to make a stop to eat into a time to think, and you'll think more in a season than most think in all their days." Elmara smiled slightly, threw her cloak back, and sat, reaching for the shoulder sack Braer had given her. The old woman shook her head again and snapped her fingers. Out of nowhere, a wooden platter of steaming greens appeared in front of El. Then a silver fork blinked into being above it and hung motionless in the air. Reluctantly El reached out for it. The old woman snorted. "Frightened of a little magic?

A fine advocate of Mystra you'll be." "I-have seen magic used to slay and destroy and rule through fear,"