He scowled as Elminster rose in his stall, straw in his hair and sword in hand. "Is this how far ye've got? I thought ye'd be well across the river by now," he said. Elminster shook his head, losing his grin fast. "The magelord who escaped us at the camp found me here somehow-probably he can trace the spellbook-and nearly slew me. Broarn cut him down with that axe." Helm turned to regard the innkeeper with new respect. "A slayer of magelords, now." He circled Broarn as if viewing a lady in a bold new gown, then nodded approvingly. " 'Tis a most exclusive brotherhood, ye know... besides the lad here an' meself, its only members are the dead, an' a few living magelords. Why, th-" "Helm," Broarn broke in bluntly, "why are you here?

I've armsmen in the house, as you should know." As they'd been talking, knight after outlaw knight had slipped in through the hatch, crowding into the end stalls. So many of them wore armor scavenged from the soldiery of Athalantar that it looked as if a dozen or more rather scruffy arms-men stood in the stable now. "There is a matter of some small urgency, aye," Helm said more soberly. "Which is why Mauri's shivering in a sledge outside, with another twenty- odd brave blades." "They took Lawless Castle?" The innkeeper sounded shocked. "Nay. We fled from it before they could trap us there. The magelords sent a large band of armsmen out of Sarn Torel, guarding over a dozen mages.

They've slain twenty or more wildswords we know of and tortured at least one with spells-they know where the castle is, by now, and are heading straight for it." "So you brought them here. My thanks, Helm," Broarn said bitterly and

sketched a courtly bow. "They'll have no way of knowing we did any more than steal a horse or two," Helm said firmly. "We're leaving very soon, now that ye-and the lad, here, a country boy called Eladar, by the way, if he hasn't told ye-" The two men exchanged a fleeting, level look "-know the tidings. Eladar was right, we've been too good at killing armsmen an' now they're determined to slay the lot o' us. The wizards daren't let such defiance succeed or soon the whole realm will be up in arms. We must run. Any suggestions, wise innkeeper?" Broarn snorted. "Run to the Calishar and get Ilhundyl to teach you to be master mages so you can come back and fight these magelords ... get a friendly mage to hide all of you as frogs before the magelords can find you and do it swifter ...