glowing, backlit. The room was still and empty of life or adornments. Waiting. "Ondil's tomb," Tharp said in tones of slow doom. "Aye, but a way out, if all else fails," Tarthe replied, voice calm, eyes darting all round. His gaze fell on Elmara, standing silent in their midst, and he shook his head slightly in disbelief. He'd seen it all happen, but he still wasn't sure he believed it. Perhaps some of those ridiculous tavern-tales old adventurers loved to tell were true, after all.... "Let's try to get to another balcony," Gralkyn suggested.

"I can reach at least four of them-more if El flies a rope to their rails." "Aye, we must get out of here, now," Ithym said, "or no one at the inn will ever hear about our wizard destroying a beholder, a mind flayer, and a dragon-just to get something to read!" As Gralkyn swung over the rail and dropped lightly onto the balcony below, the laughter from above him was a little wild.

Eleven A BLUE FLAME The most awesome thing a wizard can hope to see in a lifetime of hurling down towers, calling up fiends, and turning rivers into new beds? Why, the blue flame, lad. If ever ye see the blue flame, ye will have looked on the most awesome sight a mage can behold-and the most beautiful. Aumshar Urtrar, Master Mage said to an apprentice at Midsummer Year of the Weeping Moon The cold hand of doom was tightening around the Brave Blades again. They could all feel it. They'd tried nine balconies now, and every door led somehow into the same silent tomb chamber. It lay across their paths like a waiting pit, patient and inescapable. "Magic!" Dlartarnan spat, crouching down on a balcony and leaning on his drawn broadsword. "Always magic!

Why don't the gods smile on a swung sword and a simple plan?" "Mind, there!" Asglyn said sharply. "Tempus puts valor of the sword before all else, as well you know, and presuming to know better than any god, Dlar, is a fast leap into the grave!" "Aye," the priest of Tyche agreed. "My Holy Lady looks well on those who complain little, but take advantage of what befalls and make their own good fortune!" "Well enough," Dlartarnan grunted. "To please both your gods, I suppose I'd best lead the way into this tomb, and be the first to go down. That will make Tempus and Tyche both happy." Without another word he rose from his haunches and strode into the tomb chamber beyond, his blade gleaming in his hand. The other Blades exchanged glances and shrugs, and followed.