"He knew the spell would cost him his life, I would guess, by what he said," Tarthe said, and his voice quavered. "Let's begone." "By the windows?" Ithym asked, tears in his eyes as he looked back at the ghostly figure standing by the tomb. "It's the way he pointed," Tarthe said heavily. "Ropes first." The two thieves undid leather jerkins to reveal ropes wound many times around their bellies. Elmara took hold of one end of each rope, and the thieves spun around and around until the ropes lay in loose coils on the floor. Ithym caught up two ends and tied them together. Then, gingerly, the two thieves approached a window, looking back over to be sure there was nothing visible that might spring at them.

Ithym carried the coil of rope on his shoulder, and Gralkyn held one end of it in his hands as he approached the window. He touched the end of the rope to the ornate wrought iron of the window

screen, and then to the draperies beyond. Then he followed, gingerly, with one gloved hand. Nothing happened. The oval window-screens depicted scenes of flying dragons, wizards standing atop rocky pinnacles, and rearing pegasi. With a shrug, Gralkyn chose the nearest one with a pegasus on it and swung the screen aside on its hinges. They made a slight squeal of protest, but nothing else befell. His blade parted the draperies beyond-to reveal bubble-pocked glass, and through it, a view of the sky and the wilderlands. Cautiously the thief probed the window opening with his blade, peering about for traps. Then he said, "These were not made to open. The glass is fixed in place." "Break it, then," Ithym said. Gralkyn shrugged, reversed his blade, and swung hard. The glass burst apart, shards flashing and tinkling everywhere.

Sudden motes of light shone in the air where the window had been, spiraling, slowly at first... and then faster.... "Back!" Elmara shouted in sudden alarm. "Get ye back!" The light of the activating spell flared before her words were half out-and a force of awesome power snatched both thieves out through the small opening, rope and all, smashing their limbs against the walls as they went, as if they were rag dolls being stuffed through a hole too small for them. Ithym had time for one despairing scream-long, raw, and falling-before hitting the rocks. Tarthe drew a shuddering breath, shook his head, and turned to the young mage. "Just the two of us, now." He nodded at the book strapped to Elmara's chest. "Anything there that might help?" "Ondil's magic sealed it.