Elminster nodded and strode toward it, Thelorn following through the way that the youth cleared. When they reached the curtain, El ducked a look around it and held it a little aside; Thelorn peered in. A heap of clothing and bed-draperies lay close by; beyond them, a single flickering stub of candle glimmered in the navel of the lady who lay bare to his sight on the bed. A silk half-mask hooded her face, and she was smiling through the swirl of long hair that lay across her mouth as she lounged with her arms clasped behind her head. "Come in, and be at ease," she murmured, "my lord." Thelorn's smile widened, and he stepped forward.

As the curtain fell into place behind them both, Elminster moved with the noble, raised his trusty dagger hilt, and clubbed down, leaping a little off the floor to put his strength behind the blow. Thelorn fell forward onto the end of the bed like a chopped sapling; Farl exploded from his concealment under heaped pillows to pull Shandathe's feet away before he crashed down atop them. Farl and El grinned at each other, working swiftly. Rings that might carry

spells they dared not take, and Shandathe was due her coins; they tossed them to her as she swiftly dressed, and were rewarded with an enthusiastic kiss each. She was as beautiful as El had thought she'd be; well, some other night, perhaps. They quickly stripped Selemban's clothes away, dragged the senseless Jansibal out from under the heap of draperies, and arranged the two naked lordlings in an embrace on the bed for others to find. Supporting the Shadow between them as if she were faint, arms around her shoulders, they helped her out through the taproom, to the alley door by the jakes. A hopeful slug-and-snatcher glided out from a dark angle of walls, saw Farl's warning gaze and El's dagger gleaming ready, and drew back again. Without a word the trio turned north, toward old Hannibur's. The grizzled old baker lived alone over his shop.

His weathered face, wooden foot, acerbic tongue, and natural stinginess made him unattractive to the ladies of Hastarl. Most days, he tossed drying, unbought bread-ends, and sometimes even whole loaves, out his back door to the hopeful and hungry urchins who played there. Tonight his snores rumbled faintly out into the alley through the closed shutters of his bedchamber. "Where are we going, m'lords?" Shandathe was still amused at the jest- and grateful for the extra gold-but her voice held a note of alarm. She'd heard some things about her two young escorts. "We must hide you before those beasts awaken and send their bodyguards out to collect what you neglected to give them-and your hide along with it," Farl said in her ear, embracing her. "Aye, but where?" the Shadow asked, putting her arms around him. Farl pointed up at the window from which the snoring was coming.