=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 6
characters  : elminster, srinshee, alassra silverhand, othortyn, manshoon
events      : Elminster's relationships and conflicts
location    : high forest, cormanthor, myth drannor, aglarond, shadowhome
=== CONTENT ===
He was flirtatious and amorous with numerous members of the Fair Folk and their kin, including Morgwais , the Lady of High Forest ; Nacacia , a half-elf from Cormanthor; and the Srinshee , a unique lich -like being that watched over Myth Drannor . El and the Srinshee enjoyed a centuries-long friendship, founded on mutual admiration and shared respect for the nature of magic. Their friendship endured the years despite the Srinshee's one unsuccessful attempt to steal away from Elminster some of his silver fire . The second great love of Elminster's life was Alassra Silverhand , the Witch-Queen of Aglarond and the second-youngest of the Seven Sisters. Their passionate romance formed during the early 14 century, after they met and famously battled one another in a spell-duel some decades prior.

The love they shared continued on for well over a hundred years, enduring the death of Alassra's reincarnated mother , and the calamitous series of events that followed. El remained dedicated to Alassra during her darkest years, and did everything in his power for decades to keep her well when she was afflicted with supernatural madness. Among Elminster's greatest foes were Othortyn and the malaugrym , terrible shapeshifting beings native to the Plane of Shadow . Elminster had slain one of their kind as a youth, and earning the distinction of being their "Great Foe" after helping thwart an invasion of Toril. Elminster later assailed the malaugrym at their Shadowhome and exterminated nearly all of their kind. Perhaps Elminster's most distinguished and menacing foe native to the Realms was the archmage Manshoon , founder of the nefarious Zhentarim .

Their various encounters ranged from farcical, when Elminster' embarrassed Manshoon in front of the lords of Zhentil Keep ; to deadly, when Manshoon killed Elminster at his weakest point; to tragic, when Elminster finally took from Manshoon what he cherished most. He was one of several prominent spellcasters targeted by the murderous members of House Karanok of Chessenta , who had placed a 10,000 gp bounty on his head. Elminster had even earned the enmity of the Red Wizard Velsharoon , before his apotheosis to demigodhood in 1368 DR .
