Elminster was subject to brutal tortures, surviving only because of his exceptional endurance and ability to heal himself with silver fire . While the arch-fiend plundered Elminster's thoughts and memories, Mystra became aware of her favorite servant's plight and entered Hell herself to find him. Realizing that her presence in Hell was overly conspicuous, Mystra retreated and dispatched more subtle agents to find him, first Halaster Blackcloak the Mad Mage of Undermountain (who was defeated), and then the Simbul . After much searching, the Simbul found him, and together they defeated Nergal and returned home. In the Year of Rogue Dragons, 1373 DR , three years after the Manshoon Wars began, Elminster later secretly helped a small group of adventurers near Westgate at the village of Reddansyr .

Investigating the fate of a clone of Manshoon, they unmasked the clone as the real leader of the Night Masks of Westgate, the Night King known as "The Faceless". On the Feast of the Moon in the Year of Lightning Storms, 1374 DR , El, Khelben, and Laeral worked powerful high magic to cleanse the stretch of the High Moor around Highstar Lake , and return to glory the lost city of Faer'tel'miir . It was then renamed Rhymanthiin , the Lost City of Hope. The fantastic feat came at a great loss however, as Khelben Arunsun sacrificed his life to ensure its completion. Just over a tenday later, on Nightal 15 , Sharran agents attempted to steal the Ebon Diadem from Elminster's tower.

Due to the essence of the artifact and the sheer power of Elminster's wards, on whose power the artifact fed, the Sharrans defeated Elminster (though not without losing most of their number) and a contingency spell whisked Elminster away, while his tower itself was blasted into ruin and transported to another, unknown plane of existence. A decade later, in the Year of Blue Fire, 1385 DR , Mystra was slain in Dweomerheart by the god Cyric working alongside the goddess Shar . The magical Weave that permeated Realmspace collapsed, and the Spellplague wracked all of Toril. El and the rest of Mystra's Chosen were stripped of their powers. While El himself could still cast arcane magic, every use of his magic drove him to—and sometimes over—the brink of insanity.