=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 22
characters  : elminster, mystra, alassra
events      : El travels through Underdark and surface world; Alassra fights tanar'ri, dies saving El; El seeks revenge, restores Mystra
location    : Underdark, Cormanthor, Cormyr, Neverwinter
=== CONTENT ===
El's ephemeral form lingered in the Underdark for a time, witnessing a wider scope of the effects of the Spellplague, before encountering the consciousness of Symrustar Auglamyr , an elf that had lived in Cormanthor when El first stepped into the city. They traveled together as El came to inhabit the body of a drow woman and eventually made his way back up to the surface world. El had managed to make his way back to Cormyr, reunited with Amarune, and heralded Mystra's return to the Realms. He entered into the mind of an honest and stalwart member of the War Wizards and informed them their aid would be needed during the conflict ahead. Meanwhile, Alassra worked tirelessly to close rifts that had been opened across the Realms. She eventually made her way to an isolated keep shrouded in blueflame and overrun with tanar'ri .

She wielded her silver fire to slay many demons, but was nearly overwhelmed and called out to Elminster and Mystra for help. While Alassra emerged victorious, El heard her pleas but could not be heard in response. As she continued with her quest, consuming blueflame items became increasingly taxing on her body. When Elminster witnessed so much needless death and destruction caused by Manshoon's schemes that he went into a murderous rage and unleashed all the remaining magic he had upon his old foe. It was not enough however, and El's newest body was blasted apart by the city's War Wizards. Alassra arrived moments later and sacrificed herself to restore El's rightful body and make himself whole again. Absolutely distraught with the loss of his lifelong love, Elminster went on to systematically slay everyone responsible for the events leading up to that point.

He saved Manshoon for last, melting his body with silver fire , despite knowing the centuries-old despot could not be truly destroyed save for by divine intervention. El resisted the urge to allow his rage to overtake him. He returned to the cave where Alassra was cured, carrying with him the power of the blueflame items she had amassed. El returned the arcane power to Mystra, allowing her to fully return as the Goddess of Magic once again. After suffering such tremendous loss, Elminster went to Neverwinter for its Protector's Jubilee to see the city's renewal for himself.
