Elminster acted quickly to seal the rift, but was taken within and transported to some other plane. Midnight and her companions believed the Old Mage to be dead. While Midnight and her friend Adon were tried for Elminster's "murder", they were sprung from imprisonment by their companion Cyric. El's scribe Lhaeo helped them to seek passage to the city of Tantras , where Elminster had believed they could find one of the Tablets of Fate . By the time Midnight arrived in the city, El had returned to the Realms, using the alias of Minstrel. He told Midnight she could find the tablet within the local temple of Torm , but guided her to another tower so that she could ring the Bell of Aylen Attricus .

As the colossal avatars of Bane and Torm battled outside, and meteors rained down on Tantras from the skies, Elminster helped Midnight ring the bell just in time to shield the city from a catastrophic explosion. Elminster remained in touch with Midnight, Adon, and Kelemvor as they traveled west towards Waterdeep in search of the second Tablet of Fate , and reunited with them at Blackstaff Tower upon their arrival. El and Khelben offered some insight to the adventurers about how best to proceed in acquiring the tablet from the realm of Hades , beneath Dragonspear Castle . Once Midnight and the others succeeded in their mission, Waterdeep was overrun with Myrkul 's legion of undead minions led by the night riders .

Elminster helped defend the City of Splendors, and helped heroes hide away the Tablets of Fate within an extra-dimensional space in Blackstaff Tower, until they could fight off and destroy the avatar of Myrkul himself. El rained down meteors upon the rest of the dead god's horde, so that Midnight, Kelemvor, and Adon could take the tablets to Mount Waterdeep . While the allies' former companion Cyric managed to steal both tablets and present them to Ao at the mountain himself, Midnight was recognized as the hero that had wrested them from the avatars of the gods and was given the opportunity to ascend as the new Mystra, goddess of magic . In the month of Mirtul in the Year of the Turret, 1360 DR , Tarth Hornwood appeared before Elminster's tower seeking to be trained by the sage of Shadowdale in exchange for the Lost Ring of Murbrand .