=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 4
characters  : elminster, elthryn aumar, amrythale goldsheaf, narnra shalace, simon aumar, farl, khelben arunsun, gorion of candlekeep, rhauntides of highmoon, maris khorma terrabin of cormyr, yandrin thorl of archendale, regent alusair obarskyr, count gamalon idogyr, mei lung, ed of the greenwood, mordenkainen, rautheene, dalamar, mystra, ambara, ananmanué, astorma
events      : elminster's parentage revealed; sired child narnra shalace; friendship with khelben arunsun; connection to mystra's chosen; raised three of mystra's daughters, including storm silverhand
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
=== Relationships ===
While El's parentage and family were known to few, he was in fact born to Elthryn Aumar son of Uthgrael , one of the seven Princes of Athalantar, and Amrythale Goldsheaf , daughter of a woodsman. El was believed to have had many lovers over the course of his life, and sired at least one child, Narnra Shalace , the 'Silken Shadow' of Marsember . He was also the great-great grandfather of Simon Aumar , a half-elf sorcerer and thief. Elminster counted upon many friends and allies throughout his life, from his fellow thief Farl ; to long-time ally and friend, fellow archmage , and often ideological rival, Khelben Arunsun . He was colleagues with many prominent sages, scholars, and spellcasters, including Gorion of Candlekeep , Rhauntides of Highmoon , Maris Khorma Terrabin of Cormyr , and Yandrin Thorl of Archendale , among many others.

El was also considered a friend by nobles and royalty from all across Toril and the planes beyond, including Regent Alusair Obarskyr of Cormyr (even after her death), Count Gamalon Idogyr of Spellshire , and the Dragon Lord Mei Lung of the Kara-Turan pantheon known as the Celestial Empire . The Old Mage held friendships and acquaintanceships with his peers from other worlds, most notably Ed of the Greenwood on Earth , to whom Elminster told much about Faerûn while enjoying refreshments (the Sage of Shadowdale was particularly fond of piña coladas). Elminster was also an aquaintance of Mordenkainen and Rautheene of Oerth and Dalamar of Krynn ; the three frequently met at Greenwood's home on Earth to exchange spells and news of each other's worlds, though Elminster would never have dared admit it to other Torillians.

He was connected in purpose and creation with all of Mystra's other Chosen , and maintained communication with them by means of a telepathic link. He held a particularly strong bond with Mystra's own daughters, known throughout the Realms as the Seven Sisters . He helped raise three of them from childhood― Ambara , Anamanué , and Astorma , ―the latter of whom took the name 'Storm Silverhand'. Over time, Storm became El's favored traveling companion, and the pair nurtured their bond as kindred spirits for centuries. Elminster maintained strong bonds of friendship with other good-aligned and scholarly minded individuals.
