=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 11
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elminster struggles with faith, meets Mystra's daughters; Sammaster obsessed with Alustriel, abducts her
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
As Dasumia tortured innocents and prepared a ritual for her dark god, El was compelled to take action. He refused to strike down her victims as directed and attacked Dasumia with what minimal magic he could cast. In the end, Dasumia revealed herself to be the goddess Mystra herself, once again testing El and his faith. Around that time, magic had become unreliable and unexpected effects appeared whenever spells were cast. Some began to panic and speculated about whether Mystra still lived. Elminster was drawn to an ancient repository of magic created by the Netherese arcanist Karsus , where he freed the long-imprisoned Spellcaster Saeraede Lyonora . Saeraede enticed El with powerful magic that had been forbidden by Mystra, and attacked him, before being slain herself by an embittered foe from El's past. After all he had gone through, Elminster felt dejected and lost.

He reiterated his faith to Mystra and prayed to the goddess in earnest. El was given visions of all he could have had in life had he not devoted his life to his worship, saw everyone he had lost over the past 500-odd years, and even witnessed the arcane power he could have, had he chosen to take it for himself. In one of El's darkest moments, Mystra appeared before him and stated his most important task was just ahead: the rearing of her daughters. By the Year of the Awakening Wyrm, 767 DR , Dornal and Elué had seven daughters, but tragically Elué's mortal body could not handle Mystra's divine possession. When Dornal learned that Elué was in-effect possessed by a supernatural entity, he tried to murder her and then abandoned his daughters.

Mystra entrusted the care of Ethena Astorma , Ambara Dove , and Anamanué Laeral to her most trusted servant Elminster for a time. After two of the girls found their own paths in life, Elminster dedicated himself to raising only Laeral. Decades later, in the Year of the Jasmal Blade, 851 DR , Elminster first met with Sammaster, a fellow Chosen of Mystra. El took on the young mage as an apprentice for a time, instructing him on how to wield his newfound powers, including the highly coveted silver fire . But over time Sammaster developed an unhealthy obsession with Endué Alustriel , Mystra's second eldest daughter, and lost command over his silver fire . In the Year of the Stricken Star, 875 DR , Sammaster and his apprentice Algashon Nathaire abducted Alustriel and prepared a horrific ritual that would steal her access to the fire and restore his own.
