=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 21
characters  : elminster, amarune whitewave, manshoon, storm, alassra
events      : Elminster survives assassination attempt by Manshoon, inhabits Amarune's body, trains her; Alassra cured of madness, restores Elminster's physical form; Elminster and Manshoon agree to work together, Manshoon betrays Elminster
location    : Cormyr, Underdark
=== CONTENT ===
In order to achieve these ends, El specifically sought to recruit the efforts of his descendent, Amarune Whitewave . During one of his excursions into the Royal Palace that same year, Elminster seemed finally slain by Manshoon, who had secretly been peeling away the Old Mage's contingency spells over several years. However, Manshoon departed before he realized that Elminster had survived his body's destruction in a near- undead state. With Amarune's consent and the aid of Storm, Elminster's essence was placed in the body of his great-grandaughter by means of a spell the ex-Chosen had discovered in a cache once belonging to Azuth. He then sought to train his great-granddaughter while attempting to defend the Forest Kingdom from Manshoon and traitorous nobles alike.

He shared Rune's body with her for a time, but soon discovered how to also cohabit the body of her paramore, Lord Arclath Delcastle , along with his consciousness. As El learned to navigate his new bodiless existence, Storm discovered a means of permanently curing Alassra of her madness: by helping her consume one of the powerful blueflame items seemingly created during the Spellplague. Meanwhile, the Manshoon of Westgate was enacting a convoluted scheme to manipulate the nobility of Cormyr and install himself as Emperor of Cormyr. The situation came to a head as El, Storm, and the others struggled to offer the blueflame item to Alassra within a secluded cave, and Manshoon appeared before them all.

Alassra returned to her full self, restored Elminster's physical form, and presented everyone with a missive from her long-dead mother: El and Manshoon would have to work together against the machinations of the Imprisoner and close the many inter-planar rifts that had been opened by warlocks and others during the last hundred years. If they failed, the primordials would take over Toril, and the world of elves, men, and dwarves would be no more. Elminster and Manshoon both agreed to work alongside the other... for a time. Manshoon's loyalty to the others lasted all but a few minutes. Just after Alassra left to begin their work, Manshoon used his magic to once again cast Elminster from his body and plunge his essence into the Underdark .
