=== Activities ===
Throughout his long life Elminster traveled across the Realms —along with other planets (including Oerth ) and extra-worldly planes of existence ―fighting off the forces of evil and preventing the destruction of Faerûn from one danger or another. He saw himself as a caretaker of the Realms, and more often than not something of a meddler, who always strived to preserve its long-term health and prosperity over any immediate threats that arose. Following his "retirement", Elminster continued to gallivant across Toril , but did spend more time in seclusion at his home in the Dalelands . During that time of his life, El was less inclined to speak to visitors or other strangers that came by his "humble abode".

In addition to his residence in Faerûn, Elminster maintained a hideaway within a floating metal sphere that orbited the central earthmote of the planet Coliar , along with extra-dimensional pocket plane referred to as Elminster's Safe Hold . Elminster was credited with the invention of several unique spells, including inscribe , Elminster's multiple mouths , Elminster's effulgent epuration , Elminster's evasion , and worldwalk . Elminster penned a number of books in his time including Songs of the Wind: The Holdings of Windsong Tower , Harping by Moonlight: Approaches to Life , and a A Myth Drannan Amphigory . His personal journals led to the creation of several published works, including Travels Along the Sword Coast , and the Moonshae Chronicles , while stories of his adventures inspired both Elminster: An Unauthorized Biography , along with others written by Ed of the Greenwood and Jeff Grubb .

He left a copy of A Guide to Magic by Elminster on another world, Adenthia, where it was a legendary artifact. He also claimed to be a playwright who authored at least one popular play titled The Librarian and the Beholder: A Love Story . At least one of El's spellbooks had been made available for aspiring adventurers to learn from, the one entitled Elminster's Traveling Spellbook . El famously compiled a nine-book series titled Elminster's Ecologies , in which a number of contributors wrote about the plants, animals, creatures, people, and other natural phenomena they'd encountered throughout the Eastern Heartlands . His name was attached to a work titled Elminster's Black Book , found in Undermountain , that in fact housed a carnivorous palimpsest creature. The often-circulated chapbook , The Way of Lost Power , was also often erroneously attributed to him.

El crafted several powerful magical items over the years, including the first ever rod of spheres .