=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 9
characters  : srinshee, elminster
events      : Elminster granted permission to dwell in Cormanthor, framed for murder, apprenticed to cruel wizard, contributed to mythal creation, attempted assassination by Lady Laurlaethee
location    : Cormanthor, Myth Drannor
=== CONTENT ===
With the Srinshee's blessing, Elminster was openly welcomed as the first human granted permission to dwell in Cormanthor, named Sha'Quessir (or elf-friend), and granted the title of Armathor of the Coronal Guard by Coronal Eltargrim. However, those that opposed opening Cormanthor to non-elves tried to use Elminster as proof that humans and other undesirables were detrimental to elvenkind, and framed him for murder. Despite the allegations, El garnered some respect among the forward-thinking elves of the city, recognition that was bolstered in part due to Coronal Eltargrim and the blessing of Mystra. Eventually, Elminster was apprenticed to a cruel and powerful wizard from House Starym known only as "The Masked" , and compelled to toil away for 20 years under oppressive conditions. Despite the poor working conditions, Elminster's made significant contributions to the formation of Cormanthor's first mythal , which protected the city from outsiders.

While some sought to subvert El's involvement in the High Magic ritual, and twist it to their own political aims, the raising of the mythal was a momentous occasion. The mythal was completed in the Year of Soaring Stars, 261 DR , and the newly renamed city of Myth Drannor was opened to non-elves for the first time in history. Unfortunately El could not find true peace in Myth Drannor and attempts on his life continued. On Tarsakh 4 of that year, Lady Laurlaethee Shaurlanglar attempted to slay the Old Mage, first by lacing his moonwine with srindym poison, and when that failed, attempting to kill him with spells. She was ultimately unsuccessful and was subdued by a greater mage.

Elminster remained in Myth Drannor for nearly a century, and was present in the Year of Freedom's Friends, 324 DR , when Lady Dathlue Mistwinter founded an order of idealistic elves, humans, and half-elves known as the Harpers at Twilight , which would aid the city's defense. The group's harp symbol was chosen by Elminster―ironic, given his poor ability with the instrument. Elminster finally left Myth Drannor at the behest of Mystra in the Year of the Cold Clashes, 331 DR . He had spent about 90 of his 120-odd years living amongst the elves of Cormanthyr . On Midsummer evening in the Year of Stern Judgment, 666 DR , the Srinshee visited Elminster one last time after claiming the Rulers' Blade . She briefly interrupted his studies to bid him farewell before she departed for Arvandor .
