=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 24
characters  : elminster, larloch, laeral, alustriel, srinshee, manshoon
events      : Elminster allies with Shadow Lord against Shar, betrays Elminster; Elminster gains control of Thultanthar, destroys Myth Drannor; archmages gather at Oldspires, murder each other for Lost Spell, Elminster destroys it and punishes Manshoon.
location    : candlekeep, myth drannor, oldspires
=== CONTENT ===
As Elminster saw Shar as a greater threat to the Realms than the lich, he accepted the Shadow Lord's offer, and began carrying out their plan. As agents of the Moonstars broke into Candlekeep to excise the Shadovar within, Elminster linked minds with the leaders of the Avowed to gain access to the library's wards. Unfortunately, Larloch betrayed El and the others and used the mind-link to slay many of Candlekeep's monks. The Shadow King was then able to strip away Canlekeep's powerful wards for his own use. Elminster learned his lesson. He and his fellow Chosen quickly made their way to Myth Drannor, to ensure  Larloch could not also steal the power from the city's restored mythal . They arrived too late, however, as Larloch invaded the minds of Thultanthar's citizens and began the ritual to consume the mythal .

El meanwhile used the technique Larloch taught him―bolstered by the support of Laeral and Alustriel―and gained control of the flying city itself. Given extra power by the Srinshee after she sacrificed what remained of her unlife, Elminster brought Thultanthar crashing down atop Myth Drannor in a cataclysmic blast that destroyed both cities. Fortunately, most residents of Myth Drannor had been evacuated before. The goddess Shar declined to further escalate her plot and admitted failure to her rival Mystra. The following year , El hosted an event at Oldspires in Cormyr, home of the noble-born merchant Sardasper Halaunt . Several powerful archmages were summoned to the old manor, which was then caught in the middle of a powerful spellstorm , on the promise they could possibly attain powerful magic: the Lost Spell .

Mystra wished that the mages would come together in the spirit of camaraderie to help guide the Realms following the dual tragedies of the Spellplague and Second Sundering. Unfortunately, the gathering led to a series of grisly murders, as several of the mages slew each other in order to take the Lost Spell for themselves. In the end, Elminster destroyed the scroll of the Lost Spell and eradicated the spellstorm surrounding the manor. At Mystra's request, he finally enacted justice on Manshoon for his atrocities. El removed the spindle of Mystryl 's divine essence from within the clone of the ancient wizard, but left him alive to languish without his power.
