=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 23
characters  : elminster, storm silverhand, amarune, arclath, alustriel, laeral, larloch
events      : Elminster joins armies to prevent Tiamat's summoning; travels with Storm, Amarune, Arclath to strengthen Weave; learns about Shadovar plot in Candlekeep; discovers old friend Khelben's contingency plan for Second Sundering; Larloch offers alternative to preserve Candlekeep's wards
location    : Protector's Enclave, Blacklake District, Ebon Downs, Whispering Caverns, Well of Dragons, Candlekeep
=== CONTENT ===
A guest of honor at the Protector's Enclave , Elminster bade adventurers who sought him out to escort merchants through the hostile territory of Blacklake District , Ebon Downs , and Whispering Caverns ; had them meet with and bring a coded message left by an undercover spy with the Blacklake gangs; had them capture a coded message from the Dead Rats for the Harpers to decrypt; and directed them to covertly transcribe certain notes from Principles of Thaumaturgic Transmogrification at Bradda's Sage Shop , among others. When the restored Cult of the Dragon emerged as a threat to the Sword Coast in the 1480s DR, Elminster joined the armies of the Five Factions at the Well of Dragons , and helped prevent Severin Silrajin from summoning Tiamat to the Realms.

Over the next few years, Elminster and Storm Silverhand, along with Amarune and Arclath, traveled across the Realms working to strengthen the Weave at locales where some magical wards managed to survive the Spellplague. After adventuring in a dungeon near Elturel in the Western Heartlands in the Year of the Rune Lords Triumphant, 1487 DR , they learned that the Shadovar of Thultanthar had begun investigating similar points of interest across Faerûn. To stop Shar's agents from carrying out their goddess's plot to takeover the Weave as part of the Shadow Weave , El ventured to Candlekeep to learn more about the situation. Storm, Amarune, and Arclath meanwhile traveled to the reborn city of Myth Drannor. While in Candlekeep, El discovered that both Shadovar agents and two of his fellow Chosen—Alustriel and Laeral—had spent years, decades even, within the library-fortress, preparing for events that were about to unfold.

El's old friend Khelben had previously gleaned insight into the series of world-changing events known as the Second Sundering and had developed a contingency plan. Khelben's fellow Moonstars, along with Alustriel and Laeral, intended to destroy the wards of Candlekeep in order to prevent Shar and the Shadovar from utilizing them. While El remained aghast at the idea, the lich Larloch appeared before the trio and offered an alternative. Unlike Mystra's living Chosen, Larloch had expertly retained his power following the Spellplague, and was in fact responsible for the unfortunate events surrounding the blueflame items some years prior. Larloch taught El how to use his power as a weave anchor to channel the power of Candlekeep's wards and preserve them, while simultaneously turning away the Shadovar.
