Elminster refused the offer but instead asked that Tarth destroy the staff of his former master, Nerndel of Amphail . Tarth attempted to trick the Old Mage with a fake staff built by Sarlin the Serpent , but was unsuccessful. After performing the ritual to destroy the staff, the item transform into Nimra Ninehands who had been trapped in the staff for over 700 years. Elminster explained that Nimra would help train Tarth as she was still bound to Nerndal's service—and now his. In the early 1360s DR, the Roadwarden of Skull Crag , Arelin Starbrow , was killed in a treacherous monster ambush. When a group of adventurers involved in defending the Skull Crag Keep arrived at the site of the battle, Elminster greeted them, his pipe pumping smoke.

The old wizard remained unrecognized and offered the group advice in their quest and reiterated the importance of keeping the Keep safe. Elminster pointed out distinctly different monster tracks that led away from the ambush in different directions and hinted at the true perpetrator disappearing into thin air from the science. The mage departed after giving the adventurers a stone of good luck . Elminster assisted Royal Magician Vangerdahast in searching for the missing War Wizard Bolifar Geldert in Alturiak of the Year of the Sword, 1365 DR . Together they uncovered a plot by Baerune Cordallar , Kaulgetharr Drell , and others to wed Alusair Obarskyr and kill Tanalasta Obarskyr . In late Eleint of the Year of the Unstrung Harp, 1371 DR , the new incarnation of Mystra stripped away many of Elminster's memories of her former incarnation's secrets.

In the same month , Elminster Aumar paid a visit to the famous Wizards Guild of Ravens Bluff . The Old Mage offered suggestions on improving the guild's architectural enhancements and ensorcelled amenities and, later, participated in a roundtable meeting with ranking Ravenaar wizards, as well as Chancellor Simon Regulus . The mages discussed the looming extraplanar threat to the Bluff. The same day, Elminster personally sponsored several new members joining the guild – Glithander Ej-lahona , Rafim Cinder , and Arroc . All of them were rumored to have elven blood and coming from Elminster's home – the Dalelands. Elminster took part in many more closed-door meetings that lasted into the morning, joined by some mysterious figures. The Old Mage's visit was accompanied by a host of Harpers that stayed in Ravens Bluff along with Elmisnter.