=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 2
characters  : elminster
events      : none
location    : none
=== CONTENT ===
=== Abilities ===
Before he devoted his life to the Mystran faith or began his wizardly studies, the young Elminster possessed the innate ability to heal himself and detect magical auras at will. El was exceptionally intelligent—a gift that was bolstered by multiple castings of the wish spell. He was also blessed with an eidetic memory, that allowed him to recall information from years past in quite an impressive manner. Elminster's memories may not entirely have been his own, however. It was speculated that some of his remembrances were implanted in his mind by Mystra, to best facilitate his transformation to the instrument of her will that the Realms truly needed. Regardless of the veracity of his memories, El considered his exceptional memory as something of a curse.

He couldn't help but remember the death of every friend and loved one, along with every tragedy he could not prevent over the thousand-plus years of his life. According to Lyra Sunrose , Elminster's singing voice was entirely tone-deaf, despite its rather "nice, smoky baritone" quality. El was also known to be a poor musician, incapable of writing down music himself, unskilled in arithmetic , and an exceptionally bad horseman. He was, however, apparently quite skilled with a needle and thread. Elminster's areas of expertise as a sage included a robust understanding of magic, familiarity with a wide range monsters, a deep knowledge of history, and comprehensive familiarity with familial genealogy. Elminster was rumored to have learned much of his understanding of arcane magic from Arkhon the Old , a mage who died in Waterdeep some five centuries before the Era of Upheaval .

By that time in history, El had gained knowledge of every spell that was commonly available to most adventuring spellcasters in the Realms. He did not use every spell he knew, however, preferring to avoid those from the conjuration school of magic , or any associated with creatures from the lower planes . El was considered one of the "modern masters" of counterspelling and metamagic , the latter of which allowed spellcasters to shape and personalize spells to their liking. He also held mastery over magic that shaped the elements of the natural world. El was familiar with powerful and esoteric spells only known to select few spellcasters, including Phezult's Sleep of Ages , Symrustar's spellbinding , and The Srinshee's spellshift . He was also one of three individuals confirmed to know spells capable of recharging spellstar gems.
