=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 7
characters  : elminster, mystra
events      : Elminster's parents slain, village decimated by Undarl; rescued by Helm Stoneblade; left bandit life at 16; befriended Farl; met Magister of Mystra Dorgon; transformed into Elmara by Mystra for bonding with magic and understanding world; trained in spellcasting by Mystra/Myrjala Talithyn
location    : Heldon, Athalantar, Hastarl
=== CONTENT ===
=== History ===
Elminster was born in the Year of the Awakening Magic, 212 DR , to Amrythale Goldsheaf and Elthryn Aumar , lord of the village of Heldon and prince of Athalantar . When he was just a boy, El's parents were slain and his village was decimated by Undarl , one of Athalantar's malevolent magelords . Left as the only survivor of the slaughter, the young Elminster took his father's broken blade, the Lion Sword that served as a symbol of the great king of the Stag Throne, and found a new life foraging for himself. El was rescued by Helm Stoneblade and taken to live with the outcast Knights of Athalantar , who had meted out their own form of justice as brigands out of their hideout in the Horn Hills .

He remained with the outcast knights for a few years, until the killing he was forced to enact in defense of his home took its toll. At only sixteen years old, Elminster had already grown weary of death and knew he needed to find a new livelihood. Leaving the life of banditry behind, El set himself up as a burglar in Hastarl , capital of Athalantar. He operated under the alias of Eladar the Dark and befriended a young thief named Farl. They committed many terrific and exhilarating heists together and lived their lives to the fullest. They later formed a gang called the Velvet Hands in opposition to the rival Moonclaws , who were servants of Athalantar's magelords. During one burglary, Elminster met the Magister of Mystra, Dorgon "Stonecloak" Heamilolothtar .

Dorgon asked El if he desired to learn magic, but Elminster refused as he hated all mages because of the magelords. While Elminster enjoyed his time spent as a thief in Hastarl, he rededicated his efforts to seeking revenge upon the magelords for the death of his family. When he ran afoul of the magelords' temple in the city, El was overcome by hostile guardsmen and saved by Mystra herself. The Lady of Magic transformed him into a woman named Elmara to strengthen his bond with magic and to expand his understanding of the world. For a few years, "Elmara" served as a priestess of Mystra in Athalantar and beyond. After some time, Mystra appeared to El once again as Myrjala Talithyn and trained her in the ways of spellcasting. The two became dear friends, and fell in love with one another.
