When this happened, only his longtime traveling companion Storm was able to bring his mind back, giving of her own essence to soothe Elminster's mind. Elminster's great love and fellow Chosen, Alassra Silverhand, was left in a much worse state following the Spellplague. She absorbed the magical energies released during the cataclysmic event and was afflicted with never-ending madness. On one occasion she unwittingly attacked Elminster at Silverhand farm , and he was forced to defend himself in a devastating spell battle. The powers she held within were released and absorbed by El, and he became a threat to all the Dales. He absorbed the power from the surrounding landscape, creating pockets of plaguelands and conjuring earthmotes . The Old Mage was eventually subdued by a band of adventurers , and left to languish at the old farm.

Despite that ordeal, Elminster made it his calling to amass magical or otherwise enchanted items from wherever they were found, and channel their dweomers to Alassra to alleviate her worst symptoms and grant her brief moments of lucidity. She would remain well for a time, before she flew off to some faraway realm, only to return to one of her favored locales. El dedicated his life then on to caring for her, while rumors spread that the reverse was true. Despite these setbacks, Elminster and Storm continued with their campaign to save Faerûn, battling evil where they could. While most people believed they were dead, the pair watched over Shadowdale, and even guided aspiring adventurers, like Kahara Sulwood when drow from House Jaelre overran the dale.

On one occasion, El heard the voice of Mystra direct him to travel to Zhentil Keep, and destroy the Darkways that Manshoon had corrupted, leading to the death of many noted mages. Eventually El and Storm took the aliases of "Elgorn" and "Stornara Rhauligan", two servants working for the Cormyrean royal family, and relocated to Suzail . After living in such a weakened state for nearly a century, Elminster finally admitted in the Year of the Ageless One, 1479 DR , that he and Storm needed help saving the Realms. Having run out of easy-to-steal magic items to feed to Alassra, Elminster sought to gain access to artifacts known to contain the spirits of the Nine —objects powerful enough to pierce the wards surrounding the Royal Palace or, Elminster believed, to permanently restore the Simbul's sanity.