El was dutifully served by Lhaeo , his personal scribe and Royal Consort to Queen Zaranda Star of Tethyr ; he regularly edited works written by Volothamp Geddarm , author of the widely popular but seldom fact-checked "Volo's Guide to..." series of travelogues; and maintained an amiable yet friendly rivalry of sorts with Vangerdahast Aeiulvana , the Mage Royal of Cormyr . Clarorna Amaerityl , a Wizardess of Athkatla , was Laeral's and Elminster's friend but shared no love for Alustriel Silverhand in the late 15 century DR. He was an ally of numerous adventuring companies , including the Knights of Myth Drannor , and the Rangers Three , and was even considered a 'bloodbrother' to no less than five clans of dwarves . The dragon named Gisentraxia was amongst Elminster's friends and allies in the late 15 century DR. Elminster continued to take on apprentices on occasion.

Notable among these were Lycon "Wolf-beard", the mage and merchant; Symgharyl Maruel ; Ghleanna Stormlake , who accompanied Elminster to Phlan when the city's pool of radiance became resurgent; Taranel , a longtime scholar of the Draconomicon ; Raerlin , who attempted to steal from the Old Mage but was subsequently destroyed at a magefair ; and Nouméa Fairbright , who witnessed Elminster defend himself against two Red Wizards from Thay . While El did not originally take on a young Vangerdahast as an apprentice, the Old Mage did share with him some arcane secrets, which remained secret between the two friends. Not all of Elminster's apprenticeships ended well. By Mystra's request El began tutoring Sammaster , one of the goddess's other Chosen who went on to found the Cult of the Dragon . The relationship between the two mages quickly became contentious.

Sammaster left Elminster's tutelage after his obsession with Mystra and jealousy of her lovers overwhelmed the young mage. Elminster eventually stopped taking on new students for a time. His decision stemmed from the fact so many young mages were corrupted by the ever-present drive to attain more powerful magic and to use that magic to wage war. Elminster enjoyed many romances during his long and storied life, but his first and arguably most impassioned lover was the goddess Mystra herself. The two spent much time together when El was a young man (as well as when El, now Elmara, was a woman), during the time Mystra walked the Realms as Myrjala Talithyn .