=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 14
characters  : elminster, mystra, sharantyr, belkram, itharr
events      : Elminster agrees to pay off Sabarast's debts, teaches Shandril spellfire powers; Mystra anticipates Time of Troubles, bestows pendant on Midnight; Elminster loses access to Weave after Mystra's fall.
location    : shadowdale, cormyr, high dale
=== CONTENT ===
Eventually Elminster made his home in an old tower in Shadowdale Town , near Anastra's old cottage and Storm's farm. Elminster did take some time for himself during these years. He managed to make a visit to the Moonshae Isles in the Year of the Highmantle, 1336 DR , and took extensive notes about all he encountered. El unofficially 'retired' to Shadowdale about 15 years later, in the Year of the Morningstar, 1350 DR , serving as the de facto leader of Shadowdale, alongside Lord Mourngrym Amcathra . His retirement however was something of a ruse to provoke certain enemies. Despite his efforts to remain hidden, Elminster continued to help new adventuring groups and aid his friends and allies. He played a key part in establishing the Rangers Three.

On Ches 16 in the Year of the Worm, 1356 DR , Elminster agreed to pay off Sir Sabrast Windriver 's tax-debts, despite the displeasure it brought to Vangerdahast the Royal Magician of Cormyr who had been hunting Sabarast. The following year , Elminster helped the young Shandril Shessair understand her newly found powers over spellfire , and worked to keep her safe from her enemies in the Zhentarim and the Cult of the Dragon. During his three attempts at retirement, Elminster started two small wineries and an ice creamery. In the Year of Shadows, 1358 DR , just before the Time of Troubles , Mystra gained, by some means, foreknowledge about the upcoming calamity (Elminster later theorized this knowledge was offered to her by the overdeity Ao ).

She invested a great deal of her power into the lesser deity Azuth and all of her Chosen, with Elminster himself receiving the greatest amount. Mystra crafted a magical pendant and bestowed it upon the adventurer Midnight , and compelled her with a geas to seek out her avatar after the gods had been cast down to the Realms. At the moment Mystra ceased to be the Goddess of Magic, magic did not function as normal, and Elminster lost access to the Weave . He felt weak and lost, a shadow of the man he was just a day earlier. After suffering such a great loss, Elminster's friends and fellow Chosen were greatly worried about him. The adventurer Sharantyr and two Harpers Belkram and Itharr , known together as the Rangers Three, watched after El, and together they overthrew a Zhentilar -controlled outpost in High Dale .
