=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 13
characters  : rundorl, thavverdasz, szass tam, elminster, khelben, thauntar, srinshee, simbul, alassra shentrantra, manshoon
events      : Red Wizards vs Harpers; Elminster destroys lich, saves Harpers; Elminster rebuilds Harpers; Elminster challenges Simbul to spell-duel; Elminster bonds with Simbul; Harpers defend against Red Wizards
location    : Toril, Elventree, Aglarond, Crommor's Fang
=== CONTENT ===
After drawing the Harpers into a drawn-out and pointless conflict with the Red Wizards of Thay , Rundorl began to lose control of the situation and was forced to ally himself with the lich Thavverdasz , an ally of the emergent Cult of the Dragon, which itself was founded by El's former pupil Sammaster. As the Red Wizards, Harpers, and Dragon cultists entered into a terrible battle at the Vast Swamp , Thavverdasz battled the Red Wizard Szass Tam and appeared to claim victory as master of the undead. Elminster appeared out of the skull of a slain Harper and destroyed the lich and saved the remaining Harpers, just having returned to Toril with his comrades. Despite their "victories", the Harpers as an organization was left nearly in ruin.

Elminster transported his injured friend Khelben and the other survivors to Elventree to recover, and set out to rebuild all that had been lost in the previous decades. Some twenty years later, on Eleint 21 in the Year of Burning Steel, 1246 DR , Elminster sought council with the wise warrior Thauntar and his dear friend the Srinshee about a spellcaster known as the Simbul that was killing many mages in the eastern realm of Aglarond . Elminster traveled to Aglarond and challenged the Simbul to a spell-duel. The titanic battle that eventually erupted between the two caused much damage to the Witch-Queen's palace before they both agreed to move the battle to Crommor's Fang . Their battle continued at the new locale until Elminster realized the Simbul was also one of Mystra's Chosen.

In the years that followed, Elminster forged a bond of friendship and comradery with the Simbul, who was in fact Alassra Shentrantra , the sixth daughter of Dornal Silverhand and Mystra. He called upon both Alassra and the Wychlaran of Rashemen to help defend the recovering Harpers from their Red Wizard enemies in Thay. Fortunately for El and the Harpers, the Simbul hated the Red Wizards and would gladly keep them and their armies on the defensive. As the dark mage Manshoon and his cabal of wizards known as the Zhentarim emerged as a threat to the Heartlands, Elminster personally took it upon himself to keep them at bay. He worked with Astorma—then known as Storm Silverhand —to recruit adventurers throughout the Dalelands and Eastern Heartlands to once again grow the Harpers' ranks.
