=== METADATA ===
chunk_index : 12
characters  : elminster, alustirel, laeral, sammaster, azuth, halueve starym, srinshee, khelben arunsun, malaugrym
events      : Elminster and Laeral slay Sammaster; Elminster confronts Halueve Starym, defeating him with Srinshee's aid; Elminster forms Harpers organization around Year of Wandering Wyvern; Elminster battles malaugrym on Toril, leading to Harpstar Wars; Khelben Arunsun defeats Shadowmaster, ending war after 40 years
location    : toril, plane of shadow
=== CONTENT ===
Elminster and Alustirel's sister Laeral rescued their fellow Chosen and were forced to slay Sammaster, leaving his remains to Mystra's consort Azuth . On Hammer 14 in the Year of Waiting, 907 DR , Elminster confronted Halueve Starym for attempting to control devils . During the ensuing battle, the Srinshee advised Elminster through his silver fire on how to defeat the elven mage. In the early 11 century DR, Elminster and Khelben Arunsun spent much of their time searching for suitable adventurers to take up the mantle of the Harpers of some centuries past. In the Year of the Wandering Wyvern, 1022 DR , they found the champions they sought in the form of the newly chartered company known as the Wanderers of Espar .

After the group firmly established themselvs as a force of goodness in the North , Elminster ceased his meddling with the group, at least for a time. By the 12 century DR, Elminster had become well versed in traveling the various planes of existence. While visiting the Plane of Shadow, El inadvertently attracted the attention of a malaugrym ―the same type of aberration that had posed as the Mage Royal of Athalantar ―and slayed the being. When others of its kind descended upon Toril, Elminster drew them into a battle at Blackstaff Tower in the Year of the Stalking Satyr, 1179 DR , and rallied his Harper allies to turn them away from the Realms. Despite warning them never to return, this conflict gave way to the Harpstar Wars , which began in earnest in the Year of the Tomb, 1182 DR .

During the conflict, El crafted the eponymous Harp of Stars a magical device that helped his allies learn more about the aberrant monstrosities from the shadow plane. The Harpers fought the malaugrym across numerous extra-planar locales, and both sides of the conflict suffered tremendous losses. It was only when El's comrade Khelben Arunsun took over the consciousness of the malaugrym Shadowmaster , in the Year of the Horn, 1222 DR , that the war came to an end. After some 40 years of fighting, only a handful of malaugrym remained in their own demiplane , along with a score of Harpers that returned to Toril to help protect the Realms. While Elminster and his allies were away from Faerûn, a mediocre bard named Rundorl Moonsklan had taken control of the group and named himself the 'Harper King'.
