The Sage of Shadowale also found time to give an interview to Ravens Bluff Trumpeter 's Nadd Parker , a freelance reporter, with whom he discussed upcoming wizardly meetings but was secretive on the details. Later in the year, on Nightal 25 , Elminster was called to Blackstaff Tower to discuss the phaerimm attack on Evereska with Laeral Silverhand, Khelben Arunsun, High Elder Gervas Imesfor , and High Priestess Angharad Odaeyns . On Nightal 28 , Elminster met with the Lady-of-the-Wood Morgwais in time for the arrival of Galaeron Nihmedu , Melegaunt Tanthul , Vala Thorsdotter , and the stone giant Aris . Elminster confronted Melegaunt on his motives but didn't press the issue too far in the presence of Morgwais. Later that night during a feast, Elminster followed the group as they tried to leave with the help of Malik el Sami .

Melegaunt used his shadow magic and the arrival of a phaerimm with its beholder thralls to drive off Elminster long enough to escape into the Dire Wood . Elminster fought a running battle against phaerimm, beholders, and even the lich Wulgreth through the wild magic area of the Dire Wood. Despite this, on Nightal 30 , he eventually stumbled across the Princes of Shade and overheard them planning an attack on Shadowdale while he was trapped in the form of a tree. Exhausted from his long battles and depleted of many spells, Elminster returned to Shadowdale via the Anauroch desert and arrived to find the dale's inhabitants and Storm Silverhand embattled already by phaerimm rather than the expected shadovar . When Elminster approached his tower, Rivalen Tanthul and five other Princes of Shade ambushed Elminster.

In the confrontation, spells were thrown, and Storm Silverhand blasted one of the shadow princes with a ball of silver fire . Since Shadovar were living shadow magic and silver fire was pure Weave energy, the collision between the two tore at the fabric of reality and created a rift to the Nine Hells . Elminster realized that the only way to close the portal before legions of devils spilled forth into Toril was to enter within and close it from the other side. In the early hours of Hammer 1 , in the Year of Wild Magic, 1372 DR , Elminster entered the portal and narrowly managed to close it, but at the expense of much of his magical strength. Once in Hell, he was abducted and enslaved by an outcast archdevil known as Nergal , who wished to discover the secret of Mystra's silver fire .