During the conflict, the archlich Saharel sacrificed herself to slay the mortal Manshoon and save Elminster's life. Despite their small victory, two great threats to the Heartlands emerged: the extra-planar malaugrym that saw this crisis as an opportunity to exact revenge by slaying Elminster, and the god Bane , who had taken mortal form in Zhentil Keep , and sought to take for himself the Tablets of Fate . In the middle of Kythorn , El and his fellow Chosen devised a plan to protect the Old Mage and keep the Realms safe. The ghost of Syluné used El's pipe to act as a decoy Elminster, attracting the attention of the malaugrym while the Rangers Three assisted the real Elminster in preserving Mystra and repairing what remained of the fractured Weave.

On the same day as the avatar of Mystra was destroyed by the avatar of Bane, Elminster reunited with Syluné and the Rangers Three in Daggerdale , warning them of the growing conflict between the Dales and the Zhentarim of the North. Over the following tendays , El and Mystra's other Chosen, along with the Rangers Three and the Knights of Myth Drannor, held off the malaugrym invasion of the Realms for a time. They ventured into the Plane of Shadow, killed many of the malevolent shapeshifters in their Castle of Shadows , and destroyed the malaugrym spell loop , albeit at great cost. Having returned to the Prime Material plane , Elminster finally met with the adventurer Midnight on Flamerule 8 , along with her companions Adon , Cyric , and Kelemvor , at his tower in Shadowdale.

He offered them aid in their fight against Bane's forces
All the while, Elminster worked old necromancy spells to restore the bodies of the allies that accompanied him to the Castle of Shadows to their natural state. Within a tenday, El was reunited with them in Faerûn on the 15 of the following month . El accompanied Midnight and her companions to Morningdawn Hall , just as the Zhentilar army marched upon Shadowdale Town , and helped Midnight perform a ritual that would located the Tablets before Bane and the Zhentarim. As the two performed the ritual, Bane's avatar forced his away into the temple. As the Celestial Staircase opened up above, Elminster created a rift that conjured Mystra's pure essence in the form of a magic elemental . The entity imbued Bane's avatar with all of its power, all but destroying his mortal form.