Elminster returned to Myth Drannor and fought in the city's defense during the Weeping War . El joined the conflict about four months after the Army of Darkness first laid siege to Cormanthor in Nightal of the Year of Despairing Elves, 711 DR . He fought alongside the Nameless One and contributed to the elves' victory in the conflict known as Dawn at Erolith's Knoll . Months later, he fought again in the legendary battle at Silversgate , which saw the Army of Darkness driven from the city. Elminster himself destroyed the gate that linked Myth Drannor to Silverymoon Pass , but was inadvertently sucked into other planes of existence and lost to his allies for some time. After the tragic loss of the city, Elminster joined those in attendance of the Gathering of the Gods at the Dancing Place in the Year of the Dawn Rose, 720 DR .

This momentous occasion saw the clergies of many human deities of nature, along with those of the Seldarine , assemble together in unity against the agents of those whom they referred to as the 'Cruel Gods'. It marked the re-founding of the Harpers organization. These adventurers would act in defense of the good people of the Realms, while holding no allegiance to one single deity. Some thirty years later, in the Year of the Missing Blade, 759 DR , Elminster awoke within a dusty tomb when a band of adventurers found their way within. He was under the impression he had been trapped there in stasis for roughly a century. How he came to believe this was unknown, given recent events in the prior decades, though it was believed by some that his memory had been altered .

It was around this time that Mystra decided to take a more personal hand in the creation of her Chosen. She chose Dornal Silverhand ―the mortal man she deemed most worthy―and his paramour Elué Shundar as the vessels to birth seven daughters over the following years. Shortly thereafter, the god Azuth came to Elminster, telling him that he mustn't rely on Mystra for aid like any of the other Chosen must do with magic. El was presented with another test from Mystra: he would have to learn to survive without divine aid while using magic as little as possible. He was directed to serve under the tutelage of a wicked sorceress named Dasumia , who served the god Bane, and sought to tempt El away from Mystra's path. El apprenticed himself to Dasumia, and was eventually named Court Mage of Galadorna under his new malevolent Master.